@schofe yeah me too diversity all the way, i have feeling susan will win tho planning a roadtrip to chitown b/c iowa is totally boring well imm off to bed all goodnight have a great day tomorrow its 11 pm exact gotta be up at 4:45 am yikes @_idance_ me too!!!!! its horrible...and by the way missy u never called me back! bummed i didnt get to see manchester orchestra bc it was sold out, i spent all night buying tv shows on itunes lame im here really looking forward to summer but need to find that special someone to make this summer a complete one runs house is on-please tune in! jojo's in hot water @maurae awesome and readable, yes too bad my resolution cuts sheldon its 5:42am &amp; i'm just now going to bed. when i get in the isp (inspirational) zone, nothing can turn my focus. still...not much got done i hate wrking on saturdays reading and taking notes but undertanding none of it ... help! @annab84 oh feck..it's friday. i've been thinking it's saturday. my brain is fried gonna study downstairs with no internet, tv or music today. was just abt to turn on the tv lol. 8 hrs to go! until sleep my eyes are being weird again. @jennettemccurdy and how are you? we're worried, are you not on icarly anymore? found a carb mounting bolt had sheared off in the block of the mower engine - this will take more time to repair than first thought. not feeling to much better @frantheokovich haha!! good you're on twitterr miss you too man! (( omg....kelso just sang folsom prison.....so sad. @smearbagel went to volente with lauren dave and that's all...... ? please keep my great grandmother in your prayers!! it's just a matter of time now!! i serve and awesome god and he's with my family!!!! @mandyyjirouxx but today mtv does not allow us to vote it's too hot today. lol why am i still awake. too excited/nervous for ducks. i am officially declaring war on the neighbor kitty: he pooped in dd's sandbox during 10mins we were away &amp; then killed a baby bunny grr! damn, back @ work again after a sunny and relaxing bank holliday week-end. another 8 more weeks untill summer vacation car looks better for a clean, apart from now i can see all the dents, scratches, stone chips...and all the bits i missed! @kristenstewart9 chucks related injury...great outfit last night i really so sick ... @laurenconrad i will truly miss you on the hills, last season hasnt begun in sweden yet. boo. i am sooo sick. head cold. losing my voice has just got back from shopping and my feet hurt....bad tyms @bagfetish awwww sucks!!!! sorry to hear that!! very very bogus! @leannelyn yep i thought the same thing and i had half a tan! need to get sized for a tux after work... i dont think im ready for rusty to get married. the bromance will be over.... why do boys have to be so blimming complicated? damn msn, the video call sound is all up the wall, can't even talk to each other - why i have no idea as i'm not technical enough she's gone... now what do i do? @cathybettoney oh really? that's not good. @erikaangel ugh i have the money!!!!!!!! id buy it for us but my mom wont let me use her credit card to get them!!!! sitting having lunch. this day has been soo long worked my way through a big bag of crisps i got a new roommate from j &amp; k whose gonna stay for a few days. now he's coughing in sleep. i hope he's not carrying swine flu wishing i'd not had the chocolately horlicks before going to bed. feeling all diabetic today. hanging with the fam... where is my love? oh yeah... having dinner without me. neurobiology and contemporary morality exams on monday? i think, therefor i'm screwed @kentunion been studying so hard for my exams that i haven't been out with my friends in 10weeks....they are forgetting who i am it's a sad day - when the rootbeer runs out. work tmrw i mean slave work from hell. tryin to find the remote is not feeling too good.... n the whole family is overseas!!!! @brantanamo heey ant why didn't you come to brazil with danny? flu &gt; maureen. @richblackman my bulls lost but i was out with the wife after @girl_xxx obx was fail b/c our friend had plans in the morning... so suck. i'm trying for next weekend or something. bah! &lt;3 &lt;3 i'll miss you. sigh detroit just taught the #penguins how to lose at hockey @tina_c_oermann i hope the 2 weeks will completly heal it. i know it will be hard on him to sit out for 2 week. ugggh i got no sleep last night, and work is gonna be hella busy tonight...blah!!! someone save me!!! fly guys no its not a group its a movement..and your not fly if you still wear forces and coogi.. sorry @sapphyno1 looks like i'll hav to live with just one day of following extravaganza. @hannahoxton yeah must be hard with ur fuugly looks might take a while love ye x @adrianpesebre are you sure about this? i dont have orange. just arrived home frm wrk.huh! tired cubs game today! box seats!! cant wait... but really wish zach was here @smart0y lol trust me i will come and kill them wiyak bs wai3 i dunno how to start i hate to study and i dunno how to do it @stargatejohn oh dear i'll chat to you john, only thing is i'm on here and you're there lolol my poor, very fat beagle seems to have gotten my cold (or maybe not, but her nose and sinuses aren't sounding so good) very pathetic praying for my mom who's in the last hrs e3 starts at 10am here but i can't start watching till like 11:45 am practiced piano...orchestra music wasn't as bad as i thought it would be...lost my real music, though. writing a blog about bing.com, but the site is really slow fuck i hate acid reflux. had it for about 17 hours straight now gone from sharp biting pain to long dragging dull pain. it's cold in my room.. that's sad i fell sleep with my laptop on my tummy. what a bright day in manila philippines. but weather is so hot. traveling day took a hot bath..my leg feels tiny bit better....hopefully it wont keep me up all night again i really don't want go to the gym today. its my lazy day! @matthewhleach as a mets fan it's my undying shame that mets fans do the wave every game, last night i was in the section that started it @thegam310 but it was key to my plan - almost stepped on this cutie this morning going to be a good grey's anatomy thurs night. pity, can't watch it @itsjustjosh my twitter photo's broken too its official, no more george o'mally i guess they'll just save izzie =/ @_erica /hugs those are the worst. mine used to be really bad on the first day..sometimes can't even get out of bed. @lorisheldon going to have to do something with the tile in my kitchen this summer...grout has broken up. already been repaired once. where are all my chat people at? i'm in chat for the first time in forever and none of you are around it's a saturday evening, and i'm alone at home. @jacobjunior7 that's kinds sad that i just said that. i used to listen to them everyday @donniewahlberg sorry i wasn't here to give you my words of wisdom but it's a damn busy day. always love ya and wish you all the best i meat george sampson last night @ 9:44 pm best night of my life i miss him soo much ... to ask who &amp; where you are ! i have told them you meant no offense ! be careful in future ! ugh. i've been craving mac n cheese for a week. &amp; my brilliant mother forgot to get it when she went to the store yesterday in galveston working hard but manana, the beach! i'm really annoyed about this telstra bill, but i can't ring them cause well i only have my mobile -_- @oprah miss you, no twitter @chris_daughtry couldn't watch it. it's not available in canada @fentonslee why is that? i want to be able to just play like he does!!! i don't feelll gooooooodd my dog just died does anyone know where i can get the fake ooc studio mixes in one big zip file? zshare and my pc dont mix, so cant get the individuals guess the game of life always needs a villian. but why does it have to be me??? dammit now i have to go to shool again tomorrow too tired to go to bed not eating funnel cake at mag fest is what i am doing just deleted a lot of my music to free up space on my hard drive it's persisting it down. just leaving macclesfield and regretting packing my stuff in a canvas bag. oh dear. @alisongroves it's fathers day in the usa? wow it's not til september in australia! and no, my dad's not that great @shalimar33 belle has had to settle for playing in the yard i dont kno how you do it @beckysuelovesu way to not answer my call this weekend is ours. all i need in this life is sin is vegas &amp; my best friend! just saying. cant stand studying geography is debating if i should take a cab to work and be on time or bus and be late??? 's toe isn't getting any better.. i don't wanna go to a doctor! just received a leaflet from the bnp - our letterbox is sullied, i think i should scrub it cursing consciousness, then catering....uhm, with my mom. i was hoping for some alliteration. sounds like iphone update available now from chatter among the cubes. i have to wait til home @sahm411 we need to for the sake of the kids! my son's school music program are getting slashed, and now the principal too! @kaitoukage ugh i hate that. we always try to watch the food but we end going out etc.. need to shop like everyday. @grovesmedia no one wins anymore - it's all about taking part crap. i just realized, after it is now empty, that i have been using non fat-free coffeemate all week. only 39 miles today raining. road alone @maialan now am depressed and br'3ii is sleepin since i came home i cant sleep also..... i generated so much sweat that i may have killed my mp3 player. im aggravated &amp; pissed! im bout 2 cancel my bowling night!! battery is going bye the commies at their finest: youtube and blogger are blocked in china. no updates from us while we are in china. but great wall conquered @basantam i'm out of beer sadly knew i should have restocked while i was in hilo this week. bad night=bad run. only 1 mile in 8 minutes 40 and both legs are complaining... @goldfries nothing much going on...... have been crying for about two hours or so the last 16 hours. i'm really gonna miss my horsie.. my throat is sore. my internet's broken! oh ma lawd what am i going to do @andrew_batman aww bye batman my tummy hurts. gutted at the end of the apprentice. only good show that was on wednesdays dammit... i have a bad headache @williamstuart i wish i was there have an ace time, and make sure yuni gets to see lady gaga! @matt_the_good that's quite ok, i suspect i will be in your shoes tomorrow, but sadly i have to open the shop in the morning... hey why no onw is twitting why it's only my *, i miss the old you. really, but i can't seem to get the words out when i'm with you... i don't know how to tell you,how you'll react karen gillian is the new doctor who companion: she looks pretty nice. there goes my sally sparrow companion dream @jackcrute no but one of them has the same name as you ;) @mfeige yikes! well i hope everything is ok with you! i wonder why the follow count is going down? i will never get to follow anyone until i dont have this limit.#ff @zakidaud why now only you tell me, bini sakit, waiting me to go back company her. then i got 1 iphone, 1 powerbook &amp; 1 mbp to do @bridgetteb when do you need your top? email or text me...laptop down! makes twittering hard last day of badminton today shit. my saturday just got ruined. really not liking this whole laryngitis thing parents having a party at their house right now.. to early and that was my wake up call getting ready to go to work nooooo @nettofabulous and it would be avoided at all costs on prime time here today not such a good day ... !!!! sickly !!! bout to nap !!! i'm in the city too but not going to see you dua2 kedai topup tak bukak im not sure ur reading this or not, just jgn tensi pls.. try to relax, do the best u can.. @1stvamp sammich combo a winner, carrot must be cut thinner though, to chomping thicker carrot *inside* granary toast leads to sore gums dang, i just woke up from a nap... turned on the game... looked @ the score... turned it off. goodnight cleveland i feel like i have to throw up. there was a silent raue at union sq?! and i missed it? details about the young woman killed today in iran. prayers woke up in rain this morning.... route is now closed due to rain, and everybody is getting buses to ventura.. #alc8 what yall doing? ... im so fxckin bored ! why is everyone hating on me today ... i fail at answering my friends questions in their facebook quizzes @youisfunny i know i messaged you the other day about your email address somewhere (about podcasts)... but now i can't find it it's raining again.! grrrrr. @rebstew aw, the rob thomas prize winner today chose the same clue as me. shockin about eminem's things...i think they are stupid o.o thats bullshit and it s not funny..em's was right o.o..now go to study my head is killing and i feel nauseas but the fireworks haven't even started yet home from an awesome adventure with ash &amp; olivia . // where did the sunshine go? ate too much sweets yesterday.. woke up &amp; tummyache @champagnerdub yeah they are gone @cupcake_nyc someone was tryin 2 talk me in2 pittsburgh but i don't think i can do it becuz i fly out of raleigh 2 nyc the vry nxt mornin @susan_op o well.... next month fer sure! why can't it be friday already? @holysloot i invited matt 2 year one 2nite &amp; he said he had plans if u have my # text me your # so i can invite u ur # disappeared! just had fries..and is sulking over her frikkin straight hair @tvxquknow i am very sad, cry a lot, even restless hope to see you soon, your concert in vietnam :x @farkerrella hahaha you both damn bad leh omgzzzz i wanted to die when i saw the pikchas anyway i love bangkok why do you sound so bored is missing tutubee on the way to the hospital will try to keep you all posted... antique spoon from 1941, made into my new ring! now off to get hair dye and studio city tattoo! ugh, work at 5 @thatcomputerguy i miss my chickens especially my lil black silkie sooty don't feel good ...wish i was at home awh, wow model viewer hasn't been updated with s6 gear @guypjarvis aren't you lucky - i'm stuck in traffic i need to make money i'm already in debt :'( i missed the joseph rehearsals today oh no! he's a devildare!!! what can i do for him...??? no no no...!!! @thepurpleblug i haven't gotten anything @julieunplugged @btatusko and the boys are at my sisters for a 1st communion tonight. i had commencement 2day just lounged by the pool for a bit now getting ready to head to airport! back to boston in b-town. flight delayed 4 4hrs did dry run of my pitch to the westcon group tomorrow. they have a confidence monitor. whew! #thevibe first day sucks sobra. i`m aiming for honors tho. naksssssss relaxing at home on mother's day, too bad my mommy to be has to work. @drunkenpolack i was dreaming of a good beer today but bars in arlington have 0 good beers on tap. but truthfully i gave em the colors i don't like meant to say things i could care less about..sorry...loads hungry too @rachaelblogs what, you never got it. aw, i'm gutted now need to sleep but can't @louiseross unfortunately, so many gf food/items are @acoetzee poor whalies. hurry up, bangs! grow fasterrr!!! pretty pleeeease? saw up 3d tonight at cinemark and it was good and sad but it wouldnt be a disney movie without someone dying in it! nothing like a high school graduation to make a guy feel old. is disgusted by the fact some artist in china, tattoos live pigs.... then kills them and sells the skin. thats actually sickened me lots! help reqd fast! how 2mk ragda patties???? i hv no clue getting ready to teach google at #sunyla09. instructor's computer acting up im in so much pain need xrays on my back. rained out @sime after one hole @peqs poor vermouth and i miss you too &lt;3 i'm glad you don't hate ace. he's outside his cage right now @sonjabea feel like complete crap today but have no leave after shayes illness @countryvicar to my blog? how annoying, it's driving me mad on here @michaelleung killing floor was very scary for me. it's hard to leave,being far away from you just heard the flightsafety is offering a free recurrent to people laid off after january 1, 2009. doesent apply to me ed mcmahon has passed away. sympathies to his family and friends. i was suppose to be off today. but my schedule got changed last minute. @angymclovin. damn @vispandex dats when i exit stage left. i'm not some thirsty groupie chick. i could give 2 shits wat a nigga gt or &quot;used 2 have&quot; or &quot;do&quot; cant sleep too hot maybe ill listen to my ipod no brazilian festival but on the way to the house warming party with yummy tacos. it's me again . i hate rain i know that wrrr aughh... drop by 2 95. johnchow-cow.com no more football very angry. car got fixed, car broke again. and the 'rents won't lend me one of theirs! 3 cars, 3 people, everyone should get one! morning, tweeters! any medics out there who want to study an acute case of extremely murderous hay fever, i'm here &amp; ready to perform! sick i sedem to b sik all the time now grr 3 more days, legazpi. got an iphone today... not sure what to do with the itouch now. @desordecestmoi btw i quite like your campaign's website. nice to see the illustrated posters. i'm really disappointed i couldn't go 2day you know the world is ending when.....all the smart water bottles are empty!!!!!!!!!! @traviskaimi zaru soba is cold buckwheat noodles with this yummy dipping sauce anddd a bento box is a japanese lunch box. i love food @courtneycummz i wanna watch your porn!! but i don't have any. which should i get first?? i think my twitter is broken @innuendogirl btw what do you mean i still have a way to go? i'm already awesome enough. i need my itouch! a star shine little bit on me before one hr but now this star disappear between clouds @mrsvhudgens xn xao v n sinh qu gi gia ?ng xin ng?i yu tha th [ ?c xog nh thanks ] @jlindz i don't think it really looks like me...not that red anymore @sprintermichael i learnt that a long time ago my friend @misskatieprice stories come out about mona from apprentice and former employee joanne i hate the media when things like this happen... thinks it's horrible being sick in this weather @t0astbandit eesh, sorry to hear that. that isn't going to make travel to michigan very fun. i'm so tired lux is slippin maybe it's the rain i know i'm bored as hell! @19fischi75 usually sunday is free 4 me - but this time must also work - theres a lot to fix up after tha flood @porcelainfists please god @jimlundy jealous. wish i was there been an eye-melting, drudgery kind of day. i feel so cut off dying from the flu, sick in bed @alexandtheweb that's probably the only time i won't make a comment about comic sans. mr b and tutti (ultra spoiled cats) have donated! @1capplegate aw that's crap, so like... are they gonna ship your stuff to you? not allowed to go to any party today mummy won't let me due to the stupid exams, arghhh!!! @eveeveeve i'm sorry to hear it, you don't deserve that drinking earl grey while watching &quot;john adams&quot; and the boston tea party - jeez, i have got to get some work done today had an excellent time at ross noble, the man is an abslute genius! havent laughed so hard in ages. now to bed since i have work early @darrenmccall in your settings &quot;version&quot; but i don't need to know anymore. still trying to figure out if i need to restore ok (that wont last long) i miss you @thasolumn ::hugs:: doesn't work as well over internets @sexyshida yeah i see..... so today definately sucked. i am such a terrible grand daughter it's my granny's bday and god! why haven't i called her? trong ny ton ng??i n??c ngoi mnh vo ??c ch?ng hi?u mt g c? :-&lt; h?c d?t english n kh? th? ??y am tired of coughing and blowing my nose... cold, cold go away!! why to be always in the right path seems so hard?? @mrgno do i get wads or iso's or what? i have no idea what im doing and i have a whole stack of dvds um.....twittering? right? my first time on here. but also, i can't sleep like usual really bored!. dont want to go to sleep because that means i have to get up and study tomorrow i'm lonely today shower! than studying texxxxt i'm disgruntled and disenchanted. so much for my wpf project; i was actually excited. has the worst headache from the stupid boat and trailor coming off the truck on the way home!! @c0nz and it's done that a lot this year sucks. @elricom wow you poor sod my camera died and i fucking need it for school and other stuff. and i lost the receipt so i cant even get it fixed walking back from tap in the rain. im soaked already my shoulder is messed up. i can hardly lift up my arm. i don't know why! mr. bungle @oneluvgurl they are redesigning youtube to cater to big industry moguls now. stuff like disney and such. jobbing out the small guy is washing off her pretty face ugh my neck/back hurts ! think i slept weirdd @tommcfly why do you need to be so fucking perfect? @rbuerckner ours is on the blink too. hafta go outside to reset it all the time. cycle the equipment, nasa calls it. learning chemistry, ugh! but in the evening going to a football match, juhuuuu! sparta (masters!!) vs. bohemians (kangaroos ) xpp john's off to d.c., i hope he has a safe trip. i'm gonna miss him. my dogs is a barkin'! bartending + new boots= bad news bears i guess that just means i'll have to get a massage tmrw. *sigh* i admit i lost the game rain delay i would follow everyone but my blackberry is dumb and it won't let me click the follow button. sorry @leslielang my son needs 4 more inches to ride many rides but pretty sure were heading off in july. can't sleep for crap! wish i could watch the dang myv movie awards @drewseeley it's not easy to see your show when i live in sweden.... @oxygen8705 i had a cut from shaving yesterday that i forgot about and just scratched it. @apercheddove your car isnt here at wendys studying for cst tests grr... science and history how am i supposed to remember stuff from 6th grade haha :p @mssangelique skipp with me today, im sick @drattigan i can finish it on my own too am i sad because i miss the lamest people that just left my house? unfortunately. no. more. sdot. google failed me, does anyone know if there's anything like skitch available for windows yet? i miss that most from my mac @garbagedog i miss my squeaky bear. i killed him the other day... i need a new toy. okay.. nerves in my finger, i know you've been traumatized, but can you please stop hurting/throbbing? @caffeinesparks @lattex @cocoy what can the world do to stop nokor? seems like a tantrum that went way out of hand floods in the czech rep. again i ask because i don't wanna find something i want only to have it taken away. there is a girl with a millionaires shirt is this really what kids are into these days? i suppose they like brokenshit too. in melbourne at the hotel about to go to work grrrr.... on a sunday grrrrrrrrrrrrr @grauwulf i don't even have an atm card with tofu @bsverdlik did u finish watching prison break? i didn't but i already found out what happens @razaeletan i want to be as tall as her. does the &quot;cherifer&quot; thingy work? hahaha. i am like 5'5 and a half i think @carrielinn83 if you didn't eat the whole package, no need for rehab. ;-0 i'm feeling bad for not going to the gym the whole week. @apexnational oh no! i'll bring something yummy to our next meeting. i got up this morning hoping i could push thru but feelin yucky my mum just turned on her laptop and everything had been wiped off it @avasamone oh i thought you meant for that kiss *cries* i'm so depressed, thanks to you my angel! &quot;i'm gonna find someone someday who might actually treat me well&quot;!! does not need a cast! and no splint.. just can't use it and have to keep it in the sling for 6 weeks. may need to put in a screw tho ... i finished my chem homework early, yaay more studying time...! couldn't buy a couch tonight... @realhelpdesk firefox and chrome keep crashing. overall general slowness. someone needs to design a lacyproof laptop. why do people have to lie??. iam not in a good mood. is being sick can ruin someones days...i feel crappy aww bb. i'm actually working on the fourth yayyay retail! isn't quite sure whats going on these days now wishes she was at sgs!! i'm misisng out soo sick i want cuddles so bad #inaperfectworld there wouldn't be hate, descrimination, wars, fights..but like david archuleta sings we have to keep on imagining..sad @nikki_lopez it's winding me up now @behere_now i am in the mood to bake...but the weather is icky h8 to bake when rainy &amp; humid... pause beendet so effin tired sigh. im too busy to twit or even plurk. also watched 'analyze that'... disappointed i was expecting it would be as good as ananyze this. ugh hate tree pollen condolences to air france lake show!!!!!!! work at 6... going away shindig for mc yay thursday i dislike cooking greatly i think my pappy had some mello yellow dumped in it. @nerdi where &quot;dark room&quot; = &quot;my bed huddled under a doona, yes. still worried about it fogging though, and x-processing is expensive. omj! i want go to the jb concert in new orleans! is the joe's birthday!!! @hollyhuddleston ahh i dnt wana go 2 schoool my friends get 2 go 2 the beach. fml @tpietruszynski no we decided against 5* so that we could go 2 more shows turn off the thunder seacrh for tweetdeck on the iphone store does not work for me @raqualak shouldn't it be x_x haha! i'm sorry how'd it happen? i'm bleeding -porquelasdose- trying to get two new servers online over the weekend. never goes as fast as you would like had a very productive day today and got every thing done i needed to except now i have to study i really cant wait to be done with school is not ready for the loooooong weekend! ah! i love joel mchale. he is so hilarious. volleyball game later @mickyfin ah yes, i think that would be ideal. sadly, i don't think my budget will stretch that far just yet! sickii poo home watching my shows...cant get enough of them!!! @deidreknight which ripped off - the key or the claw? either way = @sapphire_city it was also like i knew why she wanted me to follow her because when i looked at she looked like she wanted to kill me going to work. yes, at ten at night. i get off at four in the morning!! boo correys out with the boys.. work in the am so im stuck at home hella hungrrry !! phone died; so just on laptop checking up things. @donniewahlberg the soldiers love you too donnie! i lovee that you guys are in canada, just wish you were in bc haha i believe it's six, going on seven now. morning morning morning! mommy let us out and then wouldn't let us back in to the bedroom to play. i can't keep my eyes open anymore to read i must go to sleep. night xo parents drinking again but none for me contemplating staying up and freaking out or going to sleep and imagining my freak outs - i don't think either is good @banwashere this is not encouraging to my soul. @jadeybizarre hahah i know! yay someone to talk about it with! i loved it! the twins was sooo cute! +when i thought one died i was like @alkalin3 acen's first day is on friday so i'll be there, and i'm sure opening night is sold out by now too. @tweetdeck i sure wish you had a palm app @bitsyndicate that's too bad because we wanna do some joy ride this weekend @ncrtrolo how come rajon don't twitter? his momma don't let him? ah, finally home. had a nice shower but now have to learn for history think i'll learn in front of the pc so it won't be that boring tummy hurts. must have poisoned myself with the porkchops @c0uture this is so hard i never doing this to my hair again neighbors across the street moved out but they gave us an epic, like-new char-broil gas grill. gonna miss u! @fedexwifey oh no! thanks for that blog entry but i ordered mine a few days ago! i feel so dumb mornig twitterland! uploading pics, need to go to school ... but anytime you need a friend i'll just be me.&quot; i miss the good ol' days and the friends that i had feel pissed with myself, wanna cry at the same time. don't know what to do heavy raining and traffic jam, the perfect match! my sister moves to vegas today..... last night studio time ran late but we have the pre-production, now mastering and mixing! @tommcfly you didn't read the story i told you about the symphony no.9 right? that's ok twitter noob lonely cdnt workout todaaaay @kendahl4u bsource down i'm no longer in a bed, there was a spider. i'm now downstairs, on the ground. @missgiggly having drinks with former colleagues and hanging out with my sister who just finished her exams why does it have to be so beautiful? going to watch keeping up with the kardashians then going to bed. class all day tomorrow! @dereks_sweetie chris was going to call but i think he must have forgotten. your # was on my list to call. am just realising how broke i am. it sucks stupid hw's. so many tests 2morrow...i want summer. going to work @mirandafay amazing. sugar sweet. sadness about margaret! i hate wakin up from cryin in my sleep iphone os 3.0 beta 5 successfully installed, oh you don't have it? too bad @emzyjonas aw. yeah, i was thinking the same thing? why didn't they tweet about it or something? hey - bgt yay, at least julien got a contract 3rd place - i loved him &quot;im a failure&quot; wahhhhhhh cant wait till summer - freedom! c u 2moz ah i hate being nervous. amanda :] &lt;3 just now leaving sa. so close yet so far! @williger hmm, but i really love the curvy design of palm pre. palm is almost extinct in india @histapleface that guy only ships to the us or canada i love my message history: :-d declined @mckenziii be careful with it though. since their jewelry is so cheap it breaks easily ive stopped buying jewelry from there @beautymoogle it was really good but the sides were ehhh... they didnt even have the apples in the mayo sauce. wow, i am the worst girfriend r.i.p. the turtle i hit 2day can't wait for tomorrow! i get to see him!!! yay! but my ankle hurts sooo bad! i havent eat for almost a day @baddb0ydre ya i suppose i can throw you a mill or so. and no i'm not goin bowlin tonight. gotta save my moneys feel like crying. don't want to go to work @bemelicious edie's no longer on twitter? @davidwalkertv myself, need help. getting mad with earning-money-spam accoounts it's so stupid block to each one. i'm going to continue. @johnlegend have i mentioned that i love you!! couldn't make the concert again i know you'll be amazing!! @kdsoo can i use t9 on my omnia? its hard to type every spell!! is up and its raining wants more people to get twitter cos no one i know has it i already signed up for google's wave preview but haven't received my account info @chilesl les fleurs is one of my fav choons, i've heard some very bad versions of it since it became the all rage to play minnie in bars just wants to be appreciated its not 9am and i am sweating. &quot;and i don't want to loose her. don't wanna let her go&quot; - awww, nick first package in... one more to go... tomorrow... @jamiemcreject i feel bad for the girl until now. they didn't want archie to stop even if he himself wanted to. i can tell that today is going to be a bad day. im already in a crap ass mood @kim18melissa oh no i'm sure you didn't do bad (y) i've got chem and chem resit tomorrow, bio on thurs and physics on friday. =/ sunday night slow jams. my head hurts i spend majority of my day doin hmk for no reason. just had hair done by janine then trecked up to the tanning zone (: but just had to wash my hair out i hate this weather!!! make the rain stop @danikkstar aww boo it doesn't let me dl it.. lol i miss someone special @johnnydurham19 hey, i was wondering, can you use solo, or maestro on your store? @allisonmack oh no! i hope your kitty is okay @kelleyliv thanks for ff love! i was totally swamped and forgot all about it. @himynameisrose mcr? seriously? at school? never. aww...euni was crying for me and why a skin disease? @bigdaddy555 did you hear that we have tickets for the white house tour? alfred will be beside himself! i don't get to go so frustrated. ofcourse my iphone completely freaks out when i try to update. no more phone for me tonight @meandyou1503 ... i need sleep!!! i just took a 3 hour nap and now i'm tired.. was plannin to shop 2day but gonna give it a miss !!! @wearethescore imiss you guys x @chumsdock since we're not ready yet damn my heads still spinnin!!!!!! @deanmeistr sadly no. thinking might need to sell my r-sys mavics &quot;you're so lucky to be famous and talented! it seems to be the only way that tom fletcher will notice anyone &quot; - oh boohoo. bed at 4am i'm tired but loving the late night phonecalls! not phone sex @aerobic247 my head hurts. my throat hurts. i think im getting sick, perfect timing! getting my acrylic nails off. poo. then hitting up panda express! 4.45am sleep patterns still all messed up! i need some snugs and this cat ain't cuttin it. - singing could have lied makes me sad @sofia_alexandra darn you, now i do too! want... found some accomodation for our auckland trip but it won't let me book it...the internet and i are not compatable today could use a hug right now off fishing [insert sarcastic whoopie] crap, bollocks, sh*t staying at home on her 21st cos she's sick missing atmedia but the rain at glastonbury has stopped (for the moment) had a crazy ass weekend but it was fun. just hate spending my monday cleaning up the mess at the cape, is raining but they got seamonstres at the pub !! @matthewfrancis i am too. i like books, as it's made of paper and ink, but space problems in my room make me crave for amazon kindle. slept for 11 hours.. had been awake since 5.30am yesterday.. and still i was late for the exam gotta wake up at 5 tomoro onwards work tomorrow.......... @futurevoiceofny im in pain you should come over and buy me some advil lol i'm on break tired, wishing i didn't have to work to min wage jobs note 2 self: never mention salads on twitter!!!! i don't even want one now lmao twitter doesn't work on my phone and it makes me sad just got up for tennis its so boring and annoying @mariatingstad i knew you'd share my excitement. living in australia means we don't have many options to buy grey's stuff damn i love these cao sopranos - why oh why do they have to cost so much @ronniewk yeah i actually bought that dvd last week even more dissapointing than the x-files millenium cross over episode i tweeted before rachel and i'm proud! doing geography course work blahh well the bus s really cold today and i don't have a jacket haha and more people need to txt me! just remembered i have to go to the dentist in ten. fuuuun @solangeknowles so lol @gypsy_geoff @princesssarahxx - she drinks stella geoff! stella drinkers stop for nothing aww, i broke my letter opener from new zealand. it is so fucking boring tonight. i gonna play guitarhero on my ps3 and watch some movies on the tv! @elkmail please call me! :-d sad. little freddy kruger got put down today. @scuba_suzy i miss cadbury @kaipodiesel it was goin off! didnt see you there wants to play super mario bros for wii xbox is hard can't stop thinking about my exam... im totally freaking out...miss my mom, the only person qui puisse m'apaiser..!! saw only 1 nice house on my trip yesterday and someone made an offer on it today. @heynicesweater i just tried to call her. @honeyortar the hinge broke it works, just doesn't open smoothly and it's pissing me off. i dunno i'll see if it can be fixed first. i really hope everything is ok @katieatl he's not mine anymore, adn he was like yesterday.. i lost 2 followers! @lskrocki eeew! i'm so sorry for you... @star_pixie - please don't diiiiiie x @caitlinjstasey anyway caitlin, i'm off to bed, i have school tomorrow. good night &amp; hope you decide to come back to neighbours soon. xo. @kvetchingeditor nope - not yet @kristie1311 jenn didn't end up going to the show. there was a mix up with intern tickets and they did not get backstage what makes a bruise even worse? your mom banging the door on it. last day man is planning on how to save the dog in ben's neighbor's backyard shoot the duck, inside edge glide, outside edge glide. after each drill, brett+i would practice passing until et took the pucks away mornin,another shitty ay at work i'm weary now. long day at work. beer and scampi on the way. must do some work before staff meeting in the morning! @tambomanjoe i like the video .. i want lvatt but has not come to my city im sad haha dont kidding dead open animals everywhere! better then taking a test though. is really mad because his friend is getting a iphone 3gs before me!! extreme toyota prius - i want one i'm a ricer! aww realized harry potter comes out while i'm gone on my first vacation holy crap. my feets are hurting, from working 6 hours in a hotel! it was horrible and its soo hot. i am annoyed right now cuz im not gettn my way hmph! @leebryant and also not-accessible with javascript off. @minastackx i owuld, but there are 2 things stopping me... 1 being im 237651487575 miles away. and secondly im 15 and have no fake id x back home via nan's. no broken bones. just soft tissue. painkillers they gave me starting to work... but gave me none to come away with @cinnamoncloud nope and very upset i like him as an actor! @rewy31 not looking like it no... i missed out on seeing blur do a secret rehersal tonight &amp;will also miss there gig on saturday.it makes me so sad @inthelittlewood awh well get some headache tablets or whatever into you and some rest and i'm sure you'll be fine (y) i want to go home alreadyyyy @micahjanela haha. why? gusto ko ung mga tao dun e. ehem, if you know what i mean. ) ako black. wala ko kaclose dun. hay. hoshit i missed harper's. @munortapotcepxe it isn't working wish the stuff i ordered online would show up, 14 days and counting! they said it could take as long as 20 before they ship it though ....the worst holidays ever... @alexaspitslines omgggg what channel? we proably dont have it ehre though i love you like crazy all those time how could you not know baby ? iloveyousincewewereinthe1stgradeeeee finally! almost the end of the week! it's concert night tonight! coming home late! thunderstormy too. just about to leave for school, english poetry exam today lunarticles??? twitter me as soon as you can!!!! my house here has an echo now its scary&amp; depressing heading to bed shortly exhausted and drained...its more in the head than anything. it doesnt look nice outside @ddlovato ed mcmahon, the legendary american television shoulder is dead it's so freakin' hot! i want to go home now @pinkpenguintoes shoot me!!! i'm so bored at work @denyseduhaime my dad so wanted to run that he trained so hard and then the doc said he had to stop bc of a heart condition no time to twitter twitter is a mess tonight @namshen yes and i'm all mixed emotions ok feelin a little sick today gotta finish my day with grace! misses keith!! i wish he didn't have a stupid meeting tonight hahah it can't work on livejournal dang it! what to do? down to all infomercials. do i have to go to bed? have been trying to catch on some videos... but my volume is not working! so frustrating @alatarielle they're working heys(: it sucks being off sick from now on, i will be very, very busy. humalit, greatworks, eleclit, philope, tred4, ojt. oh yeh. gah! noticed i keep transposing &quot;there&quot; for &quot;their&quot;. how embarrassing commiting a suicide by cutting veins while drunk @ohrio ahh i'm so jealous, i have 200 pages to go i have to stop reading to re do macbeth questions i failed. have a science quiz too @mishacollins i don't blame you. had to come home from school early today, cuz i feel ill . i'm goin 2 sleep now as well. hope ur ok xx abpout to watch anastasia... one of the best non disney animated movies :-d my wrist hurts might be too stupid to install pubwich ( oh well! in my bedroom...rockin out to my new jb cd. yes! and kayla and her friend are making fun of me. maybe it's my huge pink bow? feeling v.fed up this evening @pastelpastel what link are you using to get into the poll? i can't even get in anymore sitting on sisters computer just watched this haunted history, an old man took a dead girl out of her grave, he waxed her and kept her for 7 years and had sex w/ it @balsamiqmarco thanks ... i'll throw in my 2 cents ... it's a major issue when sharing mocks-ups in a group of people! ah pingin nntn pcd coba tiketnya ngga sold out so tired. i wish i could sleep 3gs launch a million times better than the 3g launch... downfall, no new shirts @jake_garton i know i wish it would stop.. ugh! there is no stick and puck today at centennia but there is an open skating session. not sure if i can do it without pads fckr i miss karebear so much her cousin is coming over tomorow, yeeyuh today is the day i go to the doctor. i'm not going to lie, i'm pretty frigin scared. got a killer sunburn doing the summer reading project. it hurts all the time. i'm bummed that we aren't able to hike the san juan trail tomorrow since we can't find a ride. i guess we hike on our own then. @skymotoring i've been on the waiting list to go to #topgear for 5 years now, i thought my time had come this year but apparently not arrrgh!! i just rubbed my eyes, and they feel like they've got sand in em'!... ouch ouch ouch! these allergies!... get worst every year! wish they had this here in my country it's really not lebron. finished my book yay!! 3 days left eep im soo excited although i dont get to see until like a day after i get home @jdcrowley gutted about juliet, i really hope somehow she's ok... poor sawyer. if they've killed her just to reboot skate i'll be pissed! @brazillofblak cuz u never get my texts ugh i lost all my wigits on my blog gonna take a while to update it just tbh i would rather be outside with the dogs and a sprinkler than inside the office i don't know what to do anymore. i hate being lonely @bradausrotas my semi uncle sold his les paul and he didn't even know how much he could have gotten for it. it was signed. wanted to go to the driving range tonight, but it's raining watching series finale of pushing daisies it makes me sad, i'm going to miss watching @kchenoweth and lee pace arghhh! i miss j @nolamiss slow, i'm sweepy @_jadelakeasha no. no i didnt people kept getting in the way damn you ryan seacres oh no xbox live is going to be down today confirmed by bbc - rip ballard - jay @ashleigh92 i might of done 8) i want it to look good for you comin back baby i miss you not long now though ;o i love you xxx will someone please tell me why ? 3.5 days break :o back to usual life!some of my friends are becoming prays of fishing in orkut careful guys,use online account with care! @zeepooter i have no clue, she's supposed to talk about energy. and trig is in ak willow and todd and her sister heather and son karcher @roxieroxes hey so i looked and i only have one sheet left of the iron on paper trying to set up xbox live and failing tremendously...brain ache i love @davejmatthews! wish i could see them at the outside lands festival this year @jonjones - 2 scandinavian studios on the same day then stupi postal strike tomorrow means i won't get my next one tree hill disc till next week @tammyseale we do take freedom for granted, don't we? @meabhaline top row at the front about to put in a massive night before the big one tomorrow seems to just upset people wherever he goes right now @tinkabellastar sorry i ask like a detective i only do not want a fake ? i drunk 4 bottles of beer now and thinking of you !! hope you @dezz_mcr she just dislikes me, but tries to give me a compliment followed by an insult. it's national doughnut day! wtf! i wish i lived near a dunkin' doughnut or a krispy kreme! damn this sucks back pain!! too much on internet wish my daddy was around still...fathers day will never be the same am sooooooo lookin 4ward to 1/2 term. sadly course work awaits.... @kelz017 you make my father very sad, very sad indeed. he's crying here now. @annadell too old?! that sucks... school cant wait till weekend! @samanthafierce &amp; u never say nothing. where u @ ? lol caitrin cannot think of anything worse than being in work on a beautiful day like this! mad as hell my phone off again y cant lil boyz just grow up 3is sitting in a huge library trying to make myself do some work! only a month tday left..i need to get off twitter and get working!..fun @lisahopecyrus hunny! please don't put that sad-crying face! i dont wanna make u feel bad! @calvinharris wish you could a bit more futher southwest for your tour. @beachelf is that what marriage is like? i realized i have to do the imf files for tomorrow! huhug... @mhairi1234 awww what! actually nobody is going sigh. just ate lunch. still hungry. had breakfast this morning, too. wtf!! ratha breezy &amp; wet in beaufort, ebbw vale this morning... first fun since february. i can't believe i missed greek...what a bummer! now i have to wait for it to come up online i got in biiiiiiig trouble for that last tweet. socially inappropriate time for iphone tweets. don't feel good at all can't sleep it's going to be a busy day and that sucks cause i wanted to spend time with someone earlier today @stevekrzysiak bummer of a reason for a post, though. young sparrows, please note. don't come indoors. what i would give just to get what i want. 2 years feels like 2 months... time goes by so fast and change is unavoidable at this point... tomorrow's gunna be a tough day @makaio8688 i hate going out cus i can never listen to your songs you should put them on itunes sitting in bed feeling stupidly awake i hate moments like these @dlemoncomedy please no food talk! ughhhhhhh *feeln qweezy* hope all my friends in the dc area are ok. and that this accident doesn't have many more added to its death toll. is watching old youtube performances of destiny's child..ican't sleep lol why that airbus??soo sad\ @d0gl0ver i am lost. please help me find a good home. im trying to eat healthy....but i just keep snacking @sellyselina i know it's going to sound really sexist, but i just don't find ladies tennis exciting enough. sorry sat here feeling like i need beach body for holiday instead just fat ahaha and should really revise ok..the sunburn is getting worse! getting redder &amp; redder! i hurt now! ughh!!! moments were so precious, but this sickness ruined my incredibly perfect day!! @chris_rohde crashing a lot for me too. @tromboneforhire coool cool, i love zunes. to bad mines is lost im waiting for the hd concert videos also, i missed the live show i (#collective_soul on bradman tv live &gt; up early once again, very low key weekend... excited about my hair &amp; my face getting better! not excited for a serious convo later really miss my cat my hsbc savings apy dropped to 1.55%. sort of feeling like pulling out all my money and keeping it underneath my mattress. @mzosu i mean... i can do alot in 7 mins also ;) but 7 mins is way under tha limit to stone cold leave someone! ya homie @ that! lol off to rehearsal for the rob delucca thingy next month. nothing like learning new songs last minute ugh. rafa hasn't dropped a set @ monte carlo since the final in 06 &amp; he does it 2day against djokovic? ugh again. bored. and i have a feeling she is ignoring me...? @primehex yeah i know. although i know that they're different, in my mind, the terms &quot;rap&quot; and &quot;hip hop&quot; are interchangeable. my ear is swelling. ahh...school is out! woot! 2 exams and 1 provincal though. @cali3nte_glam damn atleast u can enjoy the weather i'm stuck at work until 7.. wanted to kill myself comin in my heart is broken is still smarting after her dip in the canal - 4days until the regatta!! i'm actually really sad that tom hanks is aging he has to live forever and ever. @rawrrxalliey aww hope your ok alliey *hugs* finally exams overrrrrrrr... phewww gotta go n get some rest... too tired with the busy schedule @laenij idk i didn't see it specify that seats were allocated but i'm gonna assume @tomricci pages totally freaked out on me and won't open your doc. so sorry!! did not mean to be up this early going in to work in a couple hours my head hurts morning all .. please note to today's date as the day that formula one's history and appeal changed.. @reemerband dudes how come u aint following me??? lol.xxxx i wish he would talk to me and have a real conversation. i swear i just saw some1 or sumthing pop there head out by the top of the stairs and being home alone doesnt help! @yukisherry sitting in marketing right now and actually want to work on frankenstein had a rotten dream. we were all watching murray practice and then he slipped and couldn't play. not nice @freddyfigs they wouldnt tell me why and was being so mean it was so frustrating...you have to just give it to em @evekiller i got a cold... and i'd like to meet mcfly but i couldn't want to give to harry and dougie my drawings... and hug them all! =/ wanna play my penny whistle now... but can't... neighbors complain... ts... still making stupid homework.. @kr_sten no clue -- this is like the perfect end to a really bad day though. what a shitty week. last sunday in high school tomorrow! sad day @lonejohnny dude johnny, why you hatin on spymaster? @chriiisti you are going to conan.. wtf thompson conan is my shit and your going without me! booo upper gi thursday afternoon to figure out this pain in my pouch just made a bet with andie! i am so going to win this. ) &gt; you americans better vote for kris! my dignity's at stake! @iphonedocked i used it all the time just to manage apps. don't need, delete. need again, re-download. i'd never need multiple accounts @robholladay it looks like lebron is going home so its grayer than my skinnet jeans outside right now off to bed now- watch spnl on my ipod...feel sick again &gt; oh well, its itb, so alot of cas for me- make me feel better cas! *sob* @edsaint whaaaat?! are there meat marshmellows too?! i had to cook a chicken for everyone today lol it's summer it's rainy i love rain &lt;3 and just got my new mini laptop xd and im 16 it's radd too bad i have summer school stupid neighbors woke me up! i dont even know who they are i look like an ugly girl scout. @ricozhang aha erica made me move how much gb usage a month do you have? i'm at home... malaysia is sooo hot out there... complicated life some of the people on the show the cougar are younger than me, am i old? lol, also misses @rlockaby incredibly. @malique weekend? what weekend? no rest for the weary parents like me ..... i don't live my dreams !! i want to see him and i want to go in la !!!! fml no blue icees. this stormy weather only makes me worry about ardy. two exams down...five to go...maths tomorrow he hada ask me wat im doin in that chevy i sed u im ya baby i b stuntin lyk my daddy lol......man its a gorgeous day for 6s @nysfeddibuilder nm really... just been sick these past couple of days.!@! sucks god i rock at cross-checking data, references, and citations. too bad doing that doesn't make 100k a year thing about him .......wishing i wasn't tho i've been coughing so much i feel like i'm hacking up a lung! wah i dont get to stay home today @xdeex3 broadcasts are so short! this is one of those painful moments when you realize the most perfect man in the world could never ever be yours oh: though its sleep i need a nap is all i get @kelliuk sorry..we had one person quit and i was trying to get you on but they let him come back. ohhh shittt tonighttt wus craziee!!!!!!!!!!!! aall nighter so tireddd flattered that you think such sweet things of me. if only you knew the trash i carry with me i'm sorry i don't love u how u want me to. everything is ready for the live wwdc stream tomorrow - just need 2 mics i really need to download the new adobe but everytime i try it doesn't work got to call my computer guy. @chrisdjmoyles i'm in slough @anyanka77 i just want to go home and swim too. oh wait, i don't have a pool... @davidarchie i hope the right side of your left eye isn't going to be red again that was a l-o-n-g sound check?! my favorite thing about lost is that when someone dies, they're actually dead. none of that heroes shit. oh, locke. you are the devil. @butchertime i'm jealous - i want to be there xx on way home from hsptl, doctors gave me tablets that i need to take for 2 months! @manduhhluvsjb yeah i know ran to see bedroom philosopher to discover show was cancelled due to illness. poopy. @beckyann94 lol. :l only had one my 1c re. was a bit shit xx lol. what have i learned? more attractive girls than guys follow me and my followers are getting uglier. @laurens33 i guess just wait her out, like @ashleydickinson suggests. finally! fellow ninjas logging into the forum ;) if you've done so recently can you redo again... as it woz a bit broken before @l__i__z yea, i thought about marrying the internet, but the gay porn sites kept trying to poke me in the ass... so i broke up with it i miss being at school where this was still an acceptable time of night to order food...i want dominos med term test... now i'm in sumter with nothing to do for the next hour @magnumchaos sounds like fun, but i'm on kiddo duty starting in about an hour for the rest of this afternoon and evening. bummer... @jennaallen13 my mom thinks she was hit by a car, and last time i seen him he was good. my bros cat, kimpachie, ran him off @kporcalla what's wrong? my arm hurts sooooo bad i think i might cry lol #squarespace glad i dont have class/work 2day. but now i'm lonely n everyone else is gone can't sleep &amp; is sick to top it off wish this weather would make up it's mind. grrrrrrr! @theohayes lol i would but my phone is basic... no apps... my ipod will jus have to do. one day i'll get on ur leavel ;) hungover doesn't even begin to explain how i feel right now trying to set up the mobile device in a shit lesson is so upset i shattered the screen on my iphone.... why is it one thing after another... missed dr who goodness .... kt went down on the first attempt. 2 t7.5 helms dropped for me, but my dice wouldn't comply. oh well, another full clear. #wow needs sum followers trying to twit pic this awesome moment but my twitter app on my phone isn't being so nice 2 me right nw at school till 3 so tired....dog sitting isn't as much fun as i thought it was going to be sad again aaargggh haha. my black trousers that i last wore 2 years ago no longer fit, need to rush to town tomorrow morning before interview to get new pair i'm starving and there's nothing i want to eat. @dwhelan i've wondered about rake to. the client has made it clear .net only, don't force devs to learn a new lang #agile #ccnet i gotta go to the doctor tomorrow methinks i just bashed my shoulder over training. what to do now? : nothing special @joycefrsh oh no! dinner with my mom, brother and sister tomorrow buut i'll meet up after!! @thereasonwhy they didnt like it. and i couldnt stay for the after party cause they refused to stay so i was really upset!!!! pretty tired... i missed the mitchel musso at the groove i really wanted to go @exprincess too far. i knew i wouldnt get to go i'm so sad that @boutiqueflair is shutting down beautiful!fabulous! but, i guess things come to an end at some point... so mad i missed the hi five &quot;quality time&quot; lonely at work. . . . i hate how stuborn i am. my wrist was hurt then i kept playing and doing stuff. now i can't even do my makeup without a brace. just got home from a nice party, just not tired yet @kezza_marie argggghh why can't i do this correctly!so far not liking twitter x x x pretty sure my tomato plants are being taken over by fungal blight. i'm pretty ticked off. #inaperfectworld i would not be a luke warm christian which i learned at bible study last night *forgive me father* i'm so freakin frustrated about something i shouldn't even have to feel frustrated about. not fair. i need a shower. it's a sad day here - groovebug the goldfish has gone to the underwater disco in the sky safe journey sweetness. really nervous about my animal rights presentation next period ear is sore, and glass in my foot and dirmititis is ouchie! i hate being sick. i have to pack for everyone for this weekend's trip and i'm missing my gym workout. uuuuugh a little sunburned from the fundraiser... 2 bad i can't take a picture of the view from my bedroom, it's amazing so spiritual! the lights are 2 far they don't appear on picture ;; hangouts w/princess on her last daay in...canada ........it takes alot of forgiveness to deal with a chick like me i was just informed of this! haha p a t i e n c e is key! @squigglemum poor wee thing. did you ended up borrowing the vaporizer? cleaning all day long wow! what a llllllllllooooooooonnnnnnnngggggggg day @uniquevampire12 wah wah.... keep it up ... m bored ... is trying to keep his head above water. legos sooooo tired....listened to a very loud thunderstorm all night! i am dreading going to work today hello twitterers! it's a lovely sunny day, but due to still being floored by a horrendous cold i shall be spending the day under a quilt ummm...i seem to dislike ms. dd blah blah blah... does she love tom??! (@gbsinkers) oh snap! just broke my windshield while replacing my wiper blades. is at the last soar .....but had a great time last night...watta cutie ;) something keeps eating my ducks...im down to 3, sigh... i don't like the spoilers. i liked the whole boss/assistant thang it was hot is really sick right now i dont like it! @stewartkris now,i feel like an idiot!:| i ve been twitting u for a long time &amp; never had a reply from your old twitter hahah maybe now? @_shaz_anne_ and @candykisses_xo i love smiggle too ps im here in clude me plz i feel left out @firebirdhouse i had a few orders week before last, but none for mother's day and nothing for graduation. @lozakasuperman i don't finish work until 10pm then it takes me an hour to get to my neighbourhood morning sore throat blahhh not so good... wanna go out to beach, but really cba .. got exam tomorrow + not feeling too well anyways tweet @jonwheatley i refused to join in this time. seems im naked on booth to often @andersoncooper i dont get anything when i click this link - just a leave your comment page grad practice ew that hoodie is ugly... i want the ucattip one by the way! it's possible that my mommy can have the flu! i was sick before but.. she never gets sick, it's weird! recover mommy! love u! just got to work, its waaaay to early @jeffhilimire ugh. i feel your pain. browser-related headaches come in many forms and are an unfortunate part of this modern life @belenbambo i'm sick too, this not good at all can't fall asleep. watching &quot;america's most wanted&quot;.... dang, it freaks me out how many dangerous people are out walking the streets just arrived at ef, waiting for the rest. i got sore throat oh god, i dont wanna be sicccck! @tawesa i don't know. i honestly. don't. know. soon all the relatives are coming ... yay @patriciamonkey lol, i love my dirt, love my gardens. aw, i'm sorry you have concrete. getting ready to go too bed, throat is really sore need to get all rest i can before saturday...my baby turns 1...party!! whyyy am i so tired perth weather rules! i slept/layd around all day ran this mornin n dat blazin sun im draind, tired, lazy &amp; chillaxin housework not done dnt feel like goin out gosh! it really sucks when ur 'friends' w/ someone who openly disagrees w/ u &amp; goes as far as to bash the things/people u believe in... @billywaters i guess the story will unfold in the next 24 hrs - with a western airline u start 2 worry, esp given the miles i fly @thewaterboys y the long hmmmmmmm?? plz don't say it wasn't good has insomnia. california residents, how much more will you pay this year? $972 more for me i wonder what's for dinner tonight? i get lots of nice stuff at boot camp... miss mummy though *yawwwwn!* im awake @blondielv well...get that day off! hahaha. just kidding, but thank you! is kristina alive? she died in my dream @xxshantelxx ;-; i still havent started studying for saturday or monday's exams.. im so tired @toonbaboon i still wanna see disney's on the front lines but netflix always had it out now they don't have it anymore @cartoono eml sent.. sorry so late.. data issues *pouts* i'm okay! yeah. eh. no, i'm not okay just a little worried about him huhu so sick! stupid vacation fever swollen throat fml @beccaxvipx ive seen the glimpse a little while ago, just 15 seconds, i wanna see more!!! im going nuts! takes soo long until november i feel really bad yes-i made it. i can't @ you on my cell. folgers...pretty good. watching britans got more talent jjeeeezz , no tweets for mcfly x x was all excited about argosy tonight boo katie for bailing. then we can get to some smooching on the grass..nah she don't do it in public smh fun 35 mi ride this morning, not too windy. sad to hear f. schleck crashed but thank goodness he's okay! andy finished 10th, next yr... #nhl not a fan of either team, my head says detroit, my feet say the pens my heart doesn't care go kings in 2009/2010 @cuddlepuff1 i so agree i said to df last night that this may end up being the worst thing that's ever happened to her..... i really miss my 'pinguim' @mickeycomedy that mess is so upsetting yea?? what do you mean?? lol!! i still havent finished my homework @ihavepurplez they didn't straightenin my hair listenin to nicki minaj and remy ma...get with it ma dudes :-p @amycubed envy you urrrg haha i'm changing my eating habits with the plan from @brookeburke. not too bad, but have headache from no caffiene @lucyannmoll oh it was just in regards to this music i was posting on here-one was broken-didn't play you are one amazing soul thru him beautiful autumn afternoon but i need to #mow the lawn ... somebody has to do it @gina_rye have a great time today!! we'll miss having you out tonight....@thegleampt2 won't be joining us either who will tweet with me? izzie is so sad now i really should ask someone out on a date soon...i mean, dates are good, right? only if you don't acquire psychos, which i do! itchy eyes @redjester91 i want to be cute, too. now i'm just pathetic and watching disney movies all alone wishing i was in love. is watching jay leno's last show... @rohitsabu: the sea shell restaurant in chennai spoilt my taste bud for shawarma &amp; falafel. #fail stuck in my cafe!! my grandma had a rough night last night. they finally have her stable again but she is back to 100 on the vent my twit of a mother has left her car roof open at luton airport so i have to drive over there and close it now.. booo yeah we think my dad does have the flu dentist appointment made for the morning (why so early?), fixing lunch, and feeling very little right now. i want my mommy @gen224 that's either very sweet or very scary. i wish i could dance like that lol this week i slept about 2 hours less a day and that's killing me. i need 7h+ for considering myself a person. &quot;good&quot; morning, btw @dokus i've gotta work that day at bru @supercopygurl lol heavy night i wish - no, woke up with full on flu super-grumpy but getting meds today so i can kill it quick! @fishkutta omg kool. i'm not on the road is stuffed...tucker's marketplace rocks my world, but not my waistline that was fast. started with $20, got up to $95, now at 50 cents. @carrythatweight everything hangs on jobs. it's depressing. my wife just left for dc. i'm home alone for a few days. @lisa_g ahhh lucky you... i don't for the next like month but my position requires me to work them often oh well c'est la vie @raindx i know! i know! @isihac bah is sick and has too many meetings today...busy busy busy!! busy weekend it was...found time only now is in a quandry. i don't know what colours to use. why can't i twitter on my phone?! *sulks* @nursedoublek i love the music you're listening. especialy sam bradly,bobby long and other.i love their music but i can't find it. pfff! still thinking of an idea for youtube. thinking about it i've always had writer's block ragin!! cant get 3.0 at the min i want to watch the pcd concert on june 11! @kimberly625 why am i still awake and watching the hills? so sad. @toolazytocare i can't find any fight club books. dnw ebooks and i haven't seen the book cs mentioned. apple's safety town graduation cancelled due to rain wow, the new google icons suck sims 3 is not working home alone in glastonbury. very sad. @kmont i love t-shirts. i am a good t-shirt picker-outer. -- ps ice your nose, maybe? good luck. @sarivalentine yes, july. come with us..... i totally burned the roof of my mouth on my dinner @mj_santos sorry 2 hear about your experience ..btw can i personally invite u 2 b featured in my new biz book? you have a great bio! and of course i can find queen of the damned for under $10. bah! i want vampire lestat! no jon and kate!!!! not a divorce.....this is tragic transformers 2 looks to be good! shame on me...i haven't seen the first one yet but plan to before i see the second one... relaxinggggg -- exhausted at home, nothing to do this weekend ughhh. feel like i've been hit by a truck. most definitely sick. @todisappear i tried following myself, but twitter wouldn't allow it #twitterfail aww up! was so sadd the taper has begun... tho' to look at my plan you wouldn't know it watching ***waiting to exhale*** i miss my 808 fam @jskoda it's not in assignments @mrvacbob neither of them had a reason beyond &quot;i like this stuff&quot; salad from cafeteria is f-ing my stomach up. i hardly ever get any texts anymore. i feel unloved. i am so sad i can't go to honor society this weekend. and i didn't win the team jonas contest. this weekend is going to stink on ice @_ynnie36 tired... finished night shifts this morning. trying to fight the urge to sleep all day cos have to be at work tomorrow am wishes i would have studied more so i wouldn't be pulling an allnighter. last day at maya's chilling out and then off to syracuse to see emily. uploading cebu pics. missing dada. just wants to be done. way too hot today... of course, wearin a suit doesn't help.. at all.. bummed im gonna miss the pens game @blondie554455 that sounds lovely! on my way to walk at my folks then hope to sit and get some rays. no dave @ their house tho @adiasimone yay for eating again! buuut. i'm jealous you got chick-fil-a. the nearest chick-fil-a is 58 miles away in wisconsin hate saturdays at work. always eat too much junk. we have multipack doritos and cookies and biscuits and starbucks so far. fattie. had too much food... ewww @invisagal: exactly. i only work 5 hours this week (again) @athl3ticqt4 oh kayla, how you would have totally been welcomed at the party just had a measly bowl of soup 4 lunch... i am not full x @evantwoods you could come to mine in july but i doubt you want to make the drive. ahh. text me please! going to sleep early... well 4am is early for me lol... got stuff to do later... like bring my car to the dealer to get the window fixed wtf was i doing :'( wtf @gailporter as in left for the day? or left long term?? when things are this slow i have to re-learn &amp; reconsider which clients we need to be &quot;precious&quot; with (ie. national network runs only). going to work...i got a case of the mondays my twitter is very s.l.o.w. &amp; wonky tonight. tomorrow morning triple j are announcing who's in the second announcement for splendour. how excitement!! p.s; i have flu-like symptoms @50centfranks 103.5 i'm not kidding thinking why she deleted myspace lmfao thank god for ice cream! i was like &quot;yay no school woohooo&quot; and then i forgot about my ap english summer work man they want me to stay a lil longer but i cant change my flight @xemnas got any beta codes left? i've been looking all day yesterday and i got scam 5c so if you have a code can i have one? @johncmayer that happened recently here in uk on the m1! 5 dead. @thisstarchild i'm shattered now it's been a long hard day at work x @emeralddiscount hey hun. what's up? under the weather or something else? is not on the fields of glory @ebonymatias we had plans. ! @mrs_correia mornin hun! strange sleep...my dad had an accident comin home lnite(but hes ok)&amp;then i had a dream about peeps from d past is counting down to the final exam. 11 days. bleh. how &quot;fun&quot;. @harithski i hoped she needed a lift ugh don't feel well today @hs_fan i am lost. please help me find a good home. listening to corinne bailey rae.. my back is killing me.. ouchie! just watched sytycd! lovedd it, sad paris was gone though im so fcking stoned. and all i could think of is chan chans finger. @odmichael i would if it wasn't for the fact he's in nigeria until the 24th @suareasy poor kitty *yawn* what a bore. too sick to go out tonight... @p_rez17 i didn't see you at the show last night. you met trent, ilan, &amp; justin right? [stapler haiku] whar a night! woo hoo! yeah! / a beautiful night to party! / oops, i'm a stapler... is missing someone she should not be missing... oh no, its raining all day tomorrow in toronto my g1 is goin dead nd i dunno if dey letting us out @ 9 or 930 oh my gosh! i don't know why but i'm tearing up with the song &quot;before the storm&quot; i miss niley arrived! poor fisc is out in the pool room...without the people got burned really bad due to constantly being too wet to reapply sunscreen what a gloomy day out @realjenn umm iphone not worth the wait and price. at&amp;t's gonna rip you off, too... hope you're ready for that. #inaperfectworld @imjacquihazel would really undertstand me. leaving san antonio for st. louis today. will be back in bama on fri. debbi, forgot to call. drop me a good time in yahoo. xoxo @deancarl alas it is true star trek was great, a real romp thanks for the recommendation. wants to work on the website, do the gardening and a few other things but has too much to do today! aaahhhh there's no more room on my mp3 player i have to delete some songs... me teeth hurt like i just whittened them a thousand times my little turkey is feeling alot better. still no walking for at least 2-4 weeks.. his pain is better. no mask for tomorrow's shoot grown some balls &amp; then froze em off, i dont feel good sitting in traffic school ..... i wanna cry!! @jfuzell omg.this is the horrible mindset i've been having for a month now. hope u r doing well! o &amp; enjoy ur weather. its snowing here @cassiem24 thank god for your default pic.. i am forgetting what u look like mehh i so want some fizzy laces but my teeth hurt!! mega sucky!!! @theserashow aww why u tired? im just in work watchin the sun from the window..its rather depressing @glennabean you don't love me anymore! it's allll good. =p weather forecast for tomorrow does not indicate favourable conditions for concrete laying (cats may have to wait longer) @javserhard lol let me see if we have anymore magic carpets left! 0.o noooooo we have none left lol @codedigital hahah that's the same one i used to have too. but it died on me wishing i could driveeee .. no ride to the beach uh im at wilby high skool it soooo boring and its summer... i hav to go to my moms work on summer vaca.. wtf i really don't want to go to bed alone tonight all i did was to reach out // what a great way in responding rev3 gps tracking doesn't work for me, b/c i need internet explorer @elexismonroe sounds like you haven't had a good start to your day elexis anyway someone like me could cheer you up?? @goefer lol nothin its just nothin to do here at the moment, my dog &amp;nd tv and weed the only thing that's entertainin me procrastinating by looking through pictures from new york...i so want to be back there i have a bad infection inside one of my teeth.. i have to get a root canal next sat feeling kinda hot. going to bed early tonight @thedailybalance ahh, you went to magnolia's and didnt meet me they make a great banana pudding yea well i fell over and cut my knee then my phone stopped working :@ @gerraysaurus waahhh! i totally blame media! they fought and had problems like any other couple...man those kids!! i hate it. @heromancer nooooo! please stay here!! missing the nice wet days of london woke up today feeling tired...but fat boy slim yesterday was awesome! now getting ready to go to class may brave the outdoors. i do fear for my sore neck @missodemi we have a 40% as well @wirus i have no laptop at all @coppercrimestpr not at all. i think i'm broken. everyones addicted to alchohal i want some farrah passed away today so sad no tattoo. sometime later this week. at least brittany'll be able to come. god damn i miss that girl. &lt;3 @bikermom69 get my email - hee hee! @uberdoku thanks love..i miss you. wah @selestina118 i just want to feel pretty again..even if it's not actually &quot;me&quot; thats pretty but just the dress inshalla! devo i wont be at the astor tonight saw moraa! but is dreading a study filld term @brittneyparss omg! i miss seeing lemonade stands. oops! that was my first tweet that was too long how sad. can't go to sleep, i got a headache lol why did i mistake highsmith's &quot;the heroine&quot; for mary higgins clark's? i cannot trust myself any more! @juliedessler haha cool...i guess that's the upside of it lol...ur bi-lingual....i wish i was @henaxxru yeah the rain is horrible- im soaked and my hairs all wet- so i need to wait for it to dry but i have nk towel howre you? x no caffine for 1 day and im grumpy also im seriously having tremors...this is so not awesome. well boo to all tht against whiskey's guess i'll b goin alone missing uw and my chi o friends!! mv kinda sucks while we're first to recognize that jack in the box ads are captioned the video on their website isn't! youch! morning. back in college today but going home at 1pm. yay for my mondays! @holliessargeant i dnt know. i was 30th for the day @sujayendra work man @trevnupe mine is acting up!!! uuurgh! i wanna enjoy the finer things in life too but t-mobile won't let me! smh @tilly15 yeah it does @detroitskye one derailed and crashed into the other not looking forward to a good 9 hours at one park west tomorrow! not nice weather to be stood in a tshirt @wrecklez rub them ugg trying to eat french toast with a new upper lip piercing not sooo easy starting my new batch of lonely life... is watching wall*e with the kids at work... i have yet to make it all the way through. last day of dance great year everyone! gwyn call me.. dinner and a movie girlfriieeennnd! @orchidflower i have loads of foxgloves - been in years and not a flower spike in sight must try harder (me, not them!!) i miss norm macdonald on things. have a good trip then, im sorry not near a computer cant @createsean a lot of swearing though @rudedoodle oh no are you on a slope or anything? @springwestend one week left and im getting sadder and sadder! i cant believe im only going to be able to see it 3 times @sailorka awwww come with me i have no one here.... fire at san antonio!!! hope no one got burned i feel bad for the victims.. year ten is not goin to be fun .... went pebble/creek hiking... marley-0 current-3 my puppy almost died! @mr_mcfox i miss you too love you so much more than anything @starliciousdee welcome to the club oh, ho hum... gots to go to class then work! another long day ooh its actually really warm outside, i want to do something todayyyyy my throat hurts from screaming on the polar express i should not be up this early after only going to bed at 4am so so tired my shazam is kerbusted. it crashes after every song i tag @bbrriittttyy have u got the flu too caught a j shaped unown. joy. @linooo awwww bless spencer i feel sly on him at a fab babyshower sad i didn't win a gift @cmurd0c i tried to skip off my bus earlier and almost injured myself.... it doesn't lighten the mood for long when you end up broken @liamprescott ahhh! you havent aim'd me there was a hair in my cheese toast sandwich beautiful morning...but i feel like crap new strain of the swine flu in the house. the dre flu...h595 lol arg- squirrels have been digging in my containers and uprooting plants. there go the california poppies one more chapter of this stupid macroeconomics then i'm caught up...until next week so many chapterssssss is feeling sick and is very bored. reading a few chapters then trying 2 get some sleep @anntrs hahahahah youre right... but he can see her myspace messages and picture comments poor alex i wanto have a pet ..but my rommie does not want it... @mousegoessqueak haha..i just might!!! why wouldn't u graduate?? what a crap night.... home alone how do you get a friend to talk to you, when the friend thinks you're mad or pissed off @ them? guess ill be twittering from my blackberry ! still no luck w/ d pc frm work no phone this morning, my iphone does not power on even when i connect it to an external power source (e.g. wall outlet charger) @shwong i only watch the first and last 8 laps! haha! but i like watching the cute drivers! sauber? bad start of the year so far in san diegoooooooo. culture shock. missing everyone. homesick 24 hours in? @joethedough its running along some type of nerve my doctor said he said something about loss of sensation on the left side of my body. @bw101 aww i feel for you hot water bottle not helping? @selenagomez i saw ur wowp trailer, nice and also a little scary i don't wanna get out of bed @arielmariee aww what?? man i can't go!! ( my mom wants me to study for finals dang, i wanna go! bestfriend just left probably cleaning, then grandma's with my brother? @aznkim whoa you seem a bit upset happy fathers day!!!! my brother decided to sneak out last night and get caught...busch gardens canceld.....happy fathers day dad @lovelylindsey some of us are still working back from the air and space museum. about to leave hotel. leaving dc soon trying to install win7 on my desktop and it keeps freezing while comping files any ideas? so awake right now i need sleep got a big day tomoz @courtieshortie4 friday on mochaa and today soup am awake and hating it. is well to hot.... grr i want to see up. having one of my bad days....migraine today. my 1st since my neck surgery about 2 1/2 months watching greek. cant believe its the last day ill see you guys. june 20.... ahh. @hideawayxx wow, that really is a coincidence :o i despise the orthodonist; my teeth always feel so sore afterwards. i know how you feel why are there weird people following me on twitter? except jelynn. she's more to madness. hah! wants to get out but it's a little late @selves oh well hope you can get her back in the game! @lubysleeps my phone's totally crazy so i think ima have to wait till the morning to fix it sorry i can't ring you to say g'night, i hope just got up, and am now on my way to work. today is going to be long. i somehow lost 5 spymasters in the last 10 minutes... i have no idea how this happened. #spymaster @taracollier there are some, but they are far and few between food poisoned by red robin somebdy go to pappadeauxs wit me! mehh it's raiining again ,, as it has all day come on sunshine where did you goo?? im tired and now i have to learn for school why cant we yearjeans to work @rlhood midweek series = fail, i have no vacation time i want bill bailey to do the doctor who thing again! back from tim's with stacey! i don't think they had pickles back home from the family reunion...tyred than a mutha sucka!!!!! and tanned from the hot sun!!! work 2morrow!!! daddy is on his way to the airport, mommy is already missing him @indiahgirl whatttt i aint know that poor pix'elle was playing kinda hard &amp; fell &amp; hit her lip on the foot of the couch which caused her teeth to bleed &amp; lip to get cut oh god just suddently got hungry @jahkeylee the same as my twitter id, but i don't have gold account because my internet at home is spotty at best. is fed up with the rain my mp3 player has suddenly died this makes me very very sad since i charged it and loaded it with music last night ok battery almost dead. need to stop twittering and watching scores. @santospatty ahaha shut up i can't feel the lower half of my body ]]; @juan_negro i live close to a lot of tourneys i don't play in i do want to make it down to zodiac in rochester this year though... listening to maybach music....in a honda accord. @reykai me can't have tea anymore kak cici *envy* the belly won't accept no more of it @alancarr damn that was my first choice most upbeat song i can think of is terrorvision &quot;tequila&quot;.... @alexaherrera haha...i get it!! well w.e remeber u were gonna get married with my eraser!! and thnx for robarmelo! @lmhrnational he's in there now. i will never forget the wistful look he gave me as i left him with the vets. it's etched into my brain i'm missing those care-free dayss.. sleeping.. goin to the gym.. my usual routine.. then all of a sudden-i just got 2 weeks to enjoy that @radmark @thezunicorn what... you think you can go on the road and not see us in la???? sheeeesh! my last time ever working with batuhan = @cristalcamden wish i could come to the bunny house why do i keep forgetting to updatee? @fireyourguns it wasn't me! hmmmm that coffee was probably not the best idea i've had @poleskivvies yikes ugly shoes are a travesty. it took me almost 20yrs and 1 insistent ex-boyfriend before i truly understood ugly shoes @naturalboy1 lol i need too i've actually never been seriously... what does it take to find a great guy in this messed up world? north carolina just lost. went to the doctor, got some meds for the pain.. hoping they work so i don't have to take x-rays.. dreading going to work today.. been off coffee for 4 days - extremely tired @coldplay - i hate all of them! i wish to be there... but i'm a bit far of you guys... chile is too far its sunday! that means tomorow i have school supercharger belt came off is wishing everyone a happy mother's day and taking care of a sick blake im more than a pair of legs. i have a great sense of humor and i'm filled with tons of random trivia. so y won't anyone hang out with me? down with stomach flu. grandma admitted at cgh. at i just got my menses. and the day get any worser? i miss you fattybombom my long unflat-ironed hair is expanding..it is getting bigger is wishing she had enough money to travel with her best friend in europe watching can u duet on cmt, but really want to be in dallas to see jonas bothers been in the car for two and a half hours, probably missing paramore. still @office not so tgif is it? my allergies are getting really bad. going home hope my sister is still home. i was suppose to help her @tremag awww man you know i would have been there how was it? @noufah lish wain srty? yeh bachr dwam - weekend bsr3h 6af @fruitjuicy boo, why won't anyone translate lamento and sweet pool and stuff? i guess fujoshi are lazier than otaku. ok, i'm trying to use @trackthis but they're not following me back, which means i can't dm them, which means i can't use their service. i really miss the band boys like girls. or whatever. @sharongracepjs i know, i'm sorry. @fonejacker12009 just have a lazy day! i could quite happily lay in bed all day watching films, need to go to bank tho .. oh dear summmmmmmer! finding a job..... bored and at a loose end. again my dreams never come true....the only one who can help me will never help me not that i don't like shopping. i had to go with my annoying cousin. @ukwriter freebies? or bought? my eldest has been asking me to take her to see them - but all sold out &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3 just watched a new episode of pushing daisies. sooo happy it's back, but sad it's over soon. @porschesrule sorry to hear that. i hope you get better soon. @helloimhannah i woke up this morning and there were more tweets from him and from @jackatl and @riandawson about how great it was. thinks her feature article sound like nonsense...wish i could write better... &quot;near, far, wherever you are i believe that the heart does go on.&quot; ahhh!! @lazzlo2 lol, ugh! now i have soup &amp; i don't like the look of mine either! it's minestrone, but it looks far too thick so don't feel good! @chillybreck i'm good thanks, been soo busy not had a min to tweet. hardly anyone i know on here now fun dreaming. i'm off to bed an hour later than i told myself @chicobonds taking x1 or x10 into city tmrw? i will be on x1 at 5:39am tmrw @dj_scottie so one speaker never recovered lol fack! so the plate was crazy packed? dammit it i always miss the good nights! oh well... goin 4 a bit.. got 2 read my notes 1 more 2 gooo! at work my surgerys finally over and now im on pks all day and am awakee all nightt i want my jammies no luck but there's still one more winner to be announced!! *dear jonas brothers gods...* a simple nice dinner doesn't exist in my world. i am eagerly awaiting idol results show. we still have to wait 1 1/2 hrs in sydney @joannaangel i did too but you won't respond to me god damn i'm hurting so much right now all done with enlighten up, we're getting a new movie after the 2nd. and it probably won't be a dvd like this one was. work is boring did anyone else see rafa make the most adorable yet helpless face ever during his match today? sooo cute hates salt lake city at this point. misses dfw and people in it. haven't accomplished a lot today or even getting through my to-do list whats the point of having a pool and a convertible if its never going to be sunny @robborover trying 2 resolve #parasolgroup service fee rise i wasn't notified of. told 1 price upon registering, now am charged 35% more just got done playing 6 songs on guitar hero metallica nonstop. my legs hurt, @fissijo n'aww someone was saying the commentators were douchey but i cant remember if it was the replacments or bbc in general my car has failed its mot @clairetweet. thank you. thats certainly our goal. i just hate to put him through this. more pain, more meds, more sedation... @honeytaylor i want a cheesesteak please - my poor sick baby #fb @meljoy we have 1900, it's perfect! a 4hr commute would undoubtably drain the life out of alan feel rough &amp; missed the boxing last night (or this morning) @janalle06 why? just one of those days or did something happen? i'm dead tight she's havin a good labor!!!!! i was wildin lol.. wow..once da head n shoulders r out ahhhhh relief!! lol.. @lyndygirl any suggestions on how to get rid of that lovely gasoline smell? as it is still in my car @jesslovesbutts at least you got sleep!!! i've been up since sunday morning i just ran over two cats what an awful way to end an otherwise nice evenin. @hedgemint 216 people, how awful. @marksmith0 @exwebjunkie my winning entry wont be approved twitpic is taking forever to load.. got guitar yesterday its not an electric!!!! rlly wanna get david tennants letter bak @carlfish yes! the one that said really meanie poo things about your ui, she's sooo bitchy sometimes! miss you! miss your girl more isplayer has died! sorry not amped to work tomorrow so, instead of running, i just spent copious amounts of time buried in the code of my website. epic nerd fail. i suck. tummy hurts stupid stress i don't want to cut it off damn :/ i love it being there, but i'm afraid it has to be cut off sad times. bathing suit shopping = fail @ilovesarai i think i am going to do lennys.. i dont know! ahh! lol i hate making decsions! done wit medical check up. but dunno if saipem will accept that or not.. facebook is feeling like old dial-up internet...going to bed now to get rested for monday ugh! @i_am_dash u did? im still tryna sell mines. watching my girl's graduation streamed life from ryerson university in toronto! i wish i was there @maneno why can't i see this article in ff 3.5 rc1 i don't understand the reasoning behind this going to have yum dinner then watch 'bad girlfriend' play. i have a 6am call time tomorrow study hall is boringgg. and i'm pretty sure i had spanish homework. oh well. youch! i just bashed my little toe and it's neighbour on the dining table leg! can't tell if it's badly bashed or broken. hope not broken just woke up...been sleepin off this migraine headache since i got done work @ 5...now im gonna be up all nite sweet, @hitnruntony im coming over hehehe. cutting my hair off right now morning tweets... on my way to work it is so cold in oz !! @itschellyyy me too picnic canceled..sigh @ajanmike i believe i asked if i was the only one not watching it...way to pay attention to me hope thailand is awesome! has bad hayfever again!!!1 @tommcfly brazil miss you not tired - hates the summer only cz. it gives a hardcore tan on arms and face bet finally shows a decent movie (the movie responsible for me djing) and i miss it. so sad i'm not at #bamboozle !!! people keep tweeting about it... show is cancelled for today. a twitter bot hit me for using the word c*uddle in a tweet. my list of bot-safe twitter vocab is fast diminishing. i'm in pain pumping up the jams with no one to boogie with where are you? @bridgawils i need to boogie gah ahahah i wish i could get away from here and start a new life somewhere else. @patriciatkl1 mine is still to young for scouting so saturdays are normally reserved for the park or the playground. homework... is finished college...........................................i dont wana go to the real world!!!!! i don't wanna wake up early tomorrow two days are needed to me to sleep all the sleepiness that i got. @noreinsgirl major suckage. i am trying to arrange for a recording... will be missing sch on monday to weds so many things i'll miss! again. i wish school has make up lessons. life is gonna start sucking a hell of a lot as soon as college starts....im not looking forward to it anymore i hate life cant afford to see angels and demons, so i watched it for free: @meinj curry????? *whimper* feels good coming from a workout....hope my body doesn't ache tomorrow! i had a dream that all of the haters in the world died it was sad b/c there was nobody 4 us 2 stunt on! thx god for haters = we need u! @cloudinchi he should be back season 7 i think so i just gotta wait. wishing for more fav. weather in bruges over the next week...don't want to go while cold and very windy i never win the baby shower games.. i hate these things! @jonathanrknight well that's a downer. i need to find my disc so i can update my spyware stuff and anti-virus stuff. i'm at work until 8pm and i feel horrible! feelin gloomy on this rainy day in philly the problem with spymaster is that its almost too viral. already getting sick of the tweets and dm's rip leroi moore, the dave mathews band lovers and others will miss you greatly hospital interview in an hour... i'm gonna fail. the replacement sennheiser headphones i bought came today. definitely fakes, they suck @lethal_logan nahh it needs hand washed euuuuuuuugh work is fun! total party! @twi_heart cool, but i had to change my picture back my other one was much cooler death note 3 sucked revising for maths exam tomorrow, it's not sinking in sirdan gave me an oz lotto ticket at the weekend. and i... won nothing. where is the sun? @trvsbrkr it makes me blue that tweetdeck &quot;forbids&quot; me to follow you i even have the @blink182 deck!! i dont get it @eatmycereal i am starting to think that we are an old married couple, and the spark is gone i still tired! i need summer vacations now! ahhhh when i'm studing my friends are having fun last day tomorrow! @tessaxcore what happened? getting arrested blows @midnight_eyes ohh, no way!! i want to go. @johncabrera please no spoilers until later today... i have to wait for the episode. (damn slow internet) omggggg so exited 4 july cant wait youtube is like down cant watch what the buck yet is having a problem paano ba ma fix ung usb write protected daw (tears) help huhu at work and ready to go home already @burgbarbl seriously! i hear ya all too well. @djaggisbreezy this sucks!!!! i think my 20/20 eyesight has deteriorated. noooo @petewentz damnit i don't have flash on my mac or my berry. peter drinking &quot;the best part of waking up.&quot; i miss my fancy coffee has the worst cold. siiigh.. cold number four of 2009.. dissertation in...change of clothes and off to sign my contract before hospital appointment - i thought days off were for relaxing?! @thomasgudgeon awww, so much revision currently running os 3.0. it certainly was not a straight-forward update. many little issues cropping up post-installation too @ianbrowntshirt i feel like when i cut mine it stopped growing to spite me. australia's next top model time! my favs both have been eliminated dont know who to like now @j3nnychoi's graduation. lost 10 bucks cause 2 balloons flew to the roof grrrr my best wishes to all of those in the metro crash today --i am hoping evryones is doing well @justineville same here. the sad thing is, i don't think the good glinda is still performing having a headache. @xcarcrashhearts @seanyfbaby he was supposed to be here by 12..but idk what happened @jackhowell i don't have that luxury with these. pretty strict recoloring and adding a logo my legs are sore just got home from my first exam, so sleepy @charleton what are you doing in china?? btw, miss the 3rd floor! @richard4481 damn i wish i could of gone but i dont even have enough money for the train i've fracutred my knee... :l i have a huge cast on it and need to use cruches... i misss aleexxx!!!! &amp;&amp; i love my cruch buddy bellaaa &lt;33 everyone tell @rob2rab to get well soon he is out sick today @tonyburkejnr well done to yer mother! did ye see the new topman? i bought half of it not good on my credit card! @snarkybitch some bird keeps waking me up right now. i wish it would shut up. @iammatthewlane you didnt call, or i didnt get it, i was probably in the den where i dont have service i want that rains its only wednesday - and my ass is already draggin' ... well.. not literally of course. this sucks. i'm in a lot of pain. but i'm sucking it up and going to work... used the wireless, even thou it did b4. keeps kickin me off o wel hopeful it wil be fixed soon xbox 360 red ringed. i don't know what i'm going to do. i think i have strep throat. just woke up ; going to tylers game @daedalus21 shut up, there is no such thing bouncing from the ballard ballroom to browers and then back again. these drinks are making me sleepy @suckaforlove if blake lewis even makes one, part of my heart still wants to see a music video for how many words. has no other choice but to pull an all nighter is feeling really really sad..i just want to stop the time now gothere.sg sez my bus ride is gonna take 42 minutes. #$%^ and pie morning jam too... :'( dang it i'm hungry i want pasta bakeeee ! any new yorkers who wanna hear some of the world's most exciting new pop should def. check this out wish i could go! @dmbdork there was a pt 3 &amp; 4 but i think the guy who graciously did the first 2 parts got scared and has yet to upload those. @thecoveted boo! their name seemed so familiar... i wonder if there's a host review resource page... can't sleep... again. i really hate sleepless nights. perhaps the stress is getting to me it wasn't my intention to say that... i'm sorry... truth be told i think the opposite of what you think i said... @2and12sleeps seeing my family off, they're going to china/hk without me @tolman21 i was asleep until my brother woke me up asking me if i ate the rest of the frosted mini wheats. i can't go back to sleep. @benjaminrowley don't even know how to hold a golf club i need a second job @hill79 you seriously work for a company with a 512kbps link? i so wish that jobros tickets were easy to get @mckenziii haha i was afraid of that just back home, was a wet day today but i got my phone fixed :-d x meu flash expirou... chick corea was tonight...and i missed it ...now she sobs @moyf never played squash @hoptonhousebnb hmm, i noticed the tweets earlier. trying a new way to make tomato-free pizza. i really miss tomatoes!! my msn has kicked the bucket @eddieizzard thats pretty, i wanna go back now @kassymay lol i know i was like not on tonight trying to do some housework before i have to go to work @ church. only 2 more days to work with pastor kevin, then sunday is his last day have to get ready for work @brittnayhay: yeah man. cant be good. headache tonight time to cuddle up and watch the bachelorette! &lt;3 rainy morning @drea137, ha ha ha that was funny...i laughed out loud! sorry about the dicks tho concert is over. never really liked the music, so this is an unqualified yay. it'll be weird not choiring again until september though i'm annoyed. sleepy, hungry, gassy and i need something hot to drink. my throat is burning.... and i'm in brooklyn. far from my bed... need to run down to the car and get ciggs soon...damnit for forgetting them @evertb i did! was waiting for info - none yet ian smith ddnt win i luved him in neighbours ... he deserved it more !!!! - i miss these people! is home all alone! @regularolty i cant see em lol @lijueun lol. today i couldnt go bk to sleep though i stubbed my toe getting into bed lol damn my toes! ...too late! @davidarchie have u seen the guy in the striped pyjamas?.. it made me cry rain again!!! what is going on...this is the most depressing june ever @fearnecotton i missed you fearne sunday wasn't the same without u on the radio @oracleguru its only in us... @igallen212 nothing @juliancheal not sure we have that power we're afraid @jasmonique i knowwwww. grr ! ill work on it 2night. honest! lol @claireboyles i try that every day - stuff still rolls over i've lost 17lbs and im not satisfied.. i wanna lose more today is a sad day. i very best dog luke is not longer with us. 13 great years he will be missed @gregmcqueen i know it, but honey doesn't want to *not* be this child's friend, she just doesn't want the intense, exclusive relationship uh oh...maybe we shouldn't have booked a flight to paris without seeing if hostels were available....ooops it's going to be a slow week justin says @gina_pina_14 aww that sucks hate waking up early when i don't have to it's just wrong on so many levels isn't it! for as much fun as nyc was, all my classes have gone to hell. i have no idea how i'm going to do it all and still pass everything. if i take ibprofin before going to the dentist, will it effect anything? i hate how it hurts when they check your gums ugh... sitting in the airpost im super tired and super bored. i want to sleep. still 20minutes before we even load the plane save me biology past papers on a sunday afternoon are making me depressed... @whiskeyonsunday that's unfortunate. is the time zone bit in the first part or the second? because that's hilarious. i want ... so bad.... but i know i'l never get ... i've lost somthing i can't replace, and i'm to inlove to let it go @playspymaster has had over 40b wiped out of my swiss account. present amount a big fat zero luckily this isnt the real world! i missed the hillsong show not liking the freezing issues on fuel. cant get my sand to stone cheevo coz of it tried 3 times just saw a centipede in her room. it got away, this is not okay. will i ever sleep again ajflkjaslfjsadlf @bellaababii omg sen loool this msn tag isn't cool .. i feel like u come on the second i'm off is fucked off beyond belief, and is going to fail this exam miserably... bye bye uni n i actually just want it back how it was before, just the three of us again i feel like crying....i ned my mom now @iamjonathancook why so? maybe my fantastic mustache will cheer you up a bit? @ms__random yes it is. monday is already here. i don't want to studyyyyyy!! i want to play street fighterrrrrr!! @christianivann i wish to be this ;-) but the truth is this @botld92z shut your pie hole holy shit! old vw bug appears to have exploded! outlook grim for any occupants, i'd wager. @lopskino sounds good! ur a gemini 2? my b-day was last sunday 24th...its meant 2 b we both geminis how old? 27? i'm 23 now, i feel old want to go for a walk, but the weather is kinda shitty... headache @hsedmond this is my friend and he said i couldn't speak english well just because i didn't go to university @jwipe idk about that cuz adam even though his voice irks me he has a big fanbase that has carried him to the finals stomach ache ain't no sunshine when he's gone looking for all my bad clouds out there babybooo @jamesofctpmag man i had a bad day i'm very frustrated bout my ankle but i'm off 2morow so it feels good 2 b home watching tv half nakey @hellorenee i miss kitey kite @diana0123 hey hey! stop making fun of us 5'11&quot; and below people! i don't like your twitt @stevegarufi can't help ya, steve. that is cool, though. my photo would be pretty small. @joelyrighteous oh dear i dunno if i was wrong or right but i guess i'm wrong :'| @freakpirate more common than you'd think.i i don't know how these things happen but they do - laying in bed b/c i have nothing to do! got a blister on my finger from playing basket ball yesterday wants to know how come i always get sick when i have something fun to do the next day @leahcallegaro i haven't seen it either @ravels - i miss hearing you guys. you will all be missed out here. had been experiencing nausea since yesterday due to motion sickness @ugvmebutrfls i love my curve too much to give it up! it will be tough! @samuraigrind i feel the samee way. help. i have a full blown fever. i'm dying. i doubt ill talk much today. it wouldn't make sense if i tried. fever dreams. nice day out there, well it looks like it from my desk @supaswag i follow your blog.. you haven't posted anything there in weeks @markajordan completely jealous!!!! i'm stuck in 90 degree humidity and no real beach to go too @ittyheartspanda i'm on my forth attempt to download the bastard i really want to learn how to play the guitar, drums, violin, and piano!!! @rawree i'm sorry about your friend. {{{{{{{{{{rawree}}}}}}}}}}}}} big hug to you. goodbye manhattan, hello queens.. on my way to the airport. @melcro07 what happened i once had a reason to live then i realized that my reason was stupid no mowing now its off to the store. gonna have to wait until it really warm chemistry tomorrow bad times, dammit football manager - you screwed me over my hair :/ mi god i look liken a sheep for real @presidentmugabe i dont get it, have fun in poland!! x waiting for the hangover to start- but there was no diet sunkist to sneak in boredom to the uber max. @nive_94 sad i know @priyankaheyyppl did the put the live chat in itunes guys? good morning tweetheads. the suns shining again, but i got to do spreadsheets @jlzeman wrong john ;) tehe! and im sry i cant make it @ktoint83 duh,didnt think of that!!! :-* just settling down to watch the unloved ... 5 mins in and am already a bit overcome with emotion @stellaphua isn't concentrating o: she is twittering during class. anne is smelly why do i have to wear all black in work! it's boiling! people are not answering their phones! and both cars are permanently steaming! up at 9:30 for &quot;moon&quot; #tff2009 - no time for breakfast - my last actual meal was yesterday's lunch mad @linsheshoo decided to delete her twitter boo for creepy people @kirajones hmmm, maybe our's is faulty - it won't charge from the sun, only from charging it up indoors through mains oh no! huge turle crossing i70. odds don't look good @elhambinai you're still awake also? apparently no iranian can sleep these days @genpion universal isn't letting me do substitutions talent are bringing extra guests and we're at capacity and they need the seats. @solangeknowles ahhh man i wish i could go @shoq agreed, craig ferguson is great. conan &amp; dave used to be kimmel has his moments, like with his &quot;i'm f'ing ben affleck&quot; video. why am i the only one who has to take this stupid exam tomorrow not feeling it at all real housewives of new jersey finale nothing i do is ever good enough. @goldielocking he is a man. i dont think it is cureable. &lt;3 @stoopidgerl wish i could keep you company right now. shark soup?! manning's joke really sucked. morales is expecting shark soup now. #fifthsummit @brookedanille you got me here and then...you left. have to go to the bed now its really late. tomorrow a day full of learning @media_molecule please follow me, i made my twitter account a while ago yet i still have no followers can u be my first? i'm actually sad imun's over! - just had a mam as talk wif dad bout...shit. :@ still underhouse arrest. basically: all my trust=gone @quatromesas that is sad. pillars in the animal dens really? really. i don't want to present my project. it's so lame and uninteresting but i'll be the first one to go tomorrow... @bernasunoit it doesnt let me save link as haha bible study??!?!?!?!?!?! i need gods wisdom we shall go!! i dont have a car for today i need food. too bad im not at home i miss my man and my cat.. is that weird? ha just finished watching the last ever episode of roswell from my boxset...soooo sad i didnt want it 2 end @shannonstacey all apps were supposed to be 3.0 ready by the release date....they all had advance notice that sucks though! rafa-less wimby...aaahhh! sad! sad! sad! @jennypoynter nawh me and @_amberlovely going to nottingham and dalby. you should hide out in our hotel room ;) endeavour hydrogen tanks started leaking in the same area as sunday.. launch has been scrubbed in hour 2 of a 3 hour meeting ugh trek of hollie steel she annoys me &gt; caught a damn cold from one of my students or maybe its the weather in the chi,thats got me sick idk not really looking forward to tomorrow hopefully i will be exited when it comes around . @eladar it finishes in 20 minutes tho 4 hrs thu the grapevine almost to stockton. most of my roadtrip mix is good, but what was i thinking adding david byrne's latest? i hope @mhawthorne19 feels better soon my heart hurts. a lot. right now. a lot is an understatement. @mandystevens thx! i cant wait to get it! hopefully next month! i couldnt get yours though it was rushed. while that may make me feel happier (&amp; yet somewhat creeped out thanks to you) that will not ease my sunburn pain @anyidiot yeah i have tried everything i can think of @therealtweet71 i love u more mom!!! im gunna miss u!! grandma attacked me to try and wipe my butt because i had a little poop on it. it's red and sore now @rbflygal not much better it'll take some time pain killers yay! *hugs* @verwon better, just in time for monday but its all good @kaylastack haha you did? i haven't gotten it yet @meladiaz hahahahaha! ) i miss you toooooo! i have kwentooo! i'll tell you next time we see each other. :&gt; my side hurts. to..much..candy.. thanks trevor. just found out cant get a new phone until july 11th and right on cue, here comes a big ominous-looking black cloud. typical, its been very hot all week when i'm at work. now its 30 mins into the weekend and we are having a storm dropped my iphone, now it has a horrible scratch think it's trying to commit suicide because it knows it's not a 3gs. i got to go campin for 3days i heard there's no towers and stuff so i can't tweeter or i'm my bf abd my bestie blehck oww dear god . (( prison break finished ...wtf ..... worst ending i ever seen ... @underdogtn yeah, the hubby and i will be paying student loans off for a loooooong time im trying to study for an electrical systems exam! @themrsnikkisixx no quiet tonight went to lone elk park and the bird sanctuary with olivia and nolan. the bisen wern't around @forbesfarm i'm sorry times are really tough just now. hope things pick up for you very soon. shiiit i'm all alone, i have to do still my favorite britney video...why can't she still look like this i want my mommy. i want my blankie. i want my voice back... @katiecola it's shit what's more disturbing from e3? peter molyneux's &quot;milo&quot;, nintendo's &quot;wii-citement monitor&quot; or the announced tom &amp; jerry mmo? can't decide first day out of school and my poor kid woke up sick aw.. there's no wi-fi in here.. and the internet connection is way slow! argh.. well, actually i have to sleep now i dont want but i have to... tomorrow i'll have modern dance in the evening, great!, ok.. bye twit . cali needs money...not parades. sorry @peterfacinelli read about the bet from @daxholt, here to help. fyi i still miss the fastlane show work all day, followed by 4 days of thesis writing. omg 2 1/2 weeks to finish. shoot me now. why does san jose have to keep breaking my heart? has another splitting headache tuesday... work then homework @curtism sorry i didn't make it! was hoping to but it didn't work out. i don't keep up with twitter that much anymore. too much life! just got a new job offer, and i refused it damn exams oh my goodness gracious me, i cannot keep track of all the things that i signed up to for school! help.... anybody.... greetings to my arch nemesis.....hello monday @beverleyknight so sorry to hear about your friend xx them flaming hot funyons got ya guhl stomache upset!... been at the hospital from 8.30am this morning and i just got home need to hold my appetite today! or the sick xs dress won't fit in me my oh my.. modern class was canceled this morning but i've got a full day of writing and teaching ahead. three classes = more money for travel. yay! is in route 2 da' beach! no sun yet megan fox breaks another heart is going to die what i would do to be able to eat right now thinks that river island is becoming overrated! @johua2327 kc is supposed to drive home and shes already had 2 drinks yay me having #insomnia anyone wants to talk? ^-^ school is reopening but still many left undone! my ear hurts i hope it doesn't get infected or anything! ugh its taking ages to download updates for apple @0princess0 oh cos i want a comment off bradie haha. @bookstorebabe21 oh noes! i will makes it all better later! off to bed. gotta get up an extra hour early the next two days. iphone coming soon though!!! went &amp; bought a purdy case for it haha @phatpete84 how's u today? i'm bored already !! daft sunshiine is hiding behind mr cloud ill hiiiide you in my walls your booody will never be found ill wear your skin as a suuuuuit pretend to be you only 20 characters left super excited about possibly getting role, but there's just 1 downside: i'd have to wait another year or so to go to college well, celebs @ericstxgal i have been for a week or so and it don't seem to be working to well this year why do all my followers have their accounts destroyed?! and i was so close to overtaking wilson. hmm... gwibber doesn't want to play with identi.ca today ps i'm still looking out for a stupid man app for my touch is still @ work... it never fails. trying to get out of here, txt me looking for a new job tmz if u need someone am your person. @thoijohnny lucky @darthslr gmail is not working for me either on my way to 2 birthday parties. one at 1 and one at 4. and there aren't any yard sales to stop at ugggh gotta wake up at 6am take this to your grave...why did they change it's cool that i'm over 100 followers now... but it sucks that a lot of them are spammers... @pricousins not sure how long i'll be here havn't felt to well we will see @brijeshnairan i haven't seen it . is it available on net? @love_ly um, i hate you. actually no, i hate this research paper. i wanna cry uggghhh got the worst headache!! compliments of landon pulling my hair we were wrestling lol. yea i'm a tough sporty mommy hehe. wishes he could play wii golf with friends too @blazebox thanks! i leave on monday though awwww nothin but love for lil evil. @ivy0119 finally you guys will have iphone next mth huh? i went to get mine last nite but there were still 10 people waiting in the line @krystinascott i could sleep 6 hours but im still feeling sleepy and crashing my head in my desk i think i really need vacations, hows u? @sarahteaa lol. yess! my bad. i cant spell. im fundraising.. to myself. @nstick13 unfortunately all the destination weddings in egypt were booked that day. we had to settle for willard i hate that i still get that nervousexcitedhappybubblyanxious love feeling when i think about him. i guess the friendship meant nothin to them itz all good tho long day...thesis prep i need a volunteer to write this,,,,,,,smh @imsoblazedrtnow whaaaaat i just love @mileycyrus lol thats all. cnt wait 4 these shittt exams 2 be over thinks brooklyn center should be closer to here. i miss my huni is tirrrrrred. . v. addictive. brought to work today. i've eaten more than anyone. booo ee you suck! why daniella, don't bring sam back at all if it has to be her! not happy @pkgough also gaga goes ga-ga for her tea cup 'her obsession with crockery...' yup. unstable omg i can't breathe! i hate you _______ you have ruined my life! silly i really really miss my mom and my brothers.. my teeth hurrrt god birds chiepping so loud and wake me @aznaimee u don't seem to be happy at night...what's wrong? i'm not sure #tenpinbowlingisdangerous is going to become a trending topic has sunburnt my derrire....ouch ugggg...i hate mondays..ion wanna get outta bed @lottiz36 i like one boy, but hes far far far far away now @icanhasdinos i still have to learn the names i'm still at the school. locking the little girl in the cupboard was something special mile 295 : refuel, and hopefully, stop for the last time. eta #mitm4e : 230am. i'm sorry, fresno, i tried to get there sooner @milkshakex3 no that's horrible. then i'll take ... rob! damnit, my baby's phone died. going to bed now, i suppose. goodnight. is still in the office and just realized that i have very little money left. pay day please? why is shaq on the cavs?? one more reason for lebron not to be in a knicks uniform @chadfender yeah, no one had ideas apparently. @ellectrocutie just have a sick baby he's having trouble sleeping lately and now i'm up extra early to take my husband to work went to see up today - very disappointed - it was sad almost made me cry! i thought it was supposed to be funny. i have 2 eggs. they were spawning but she looked so bad i couldnt leave her with him @__sugar i won't use anything, black &amp; white for my edit then. @edsaint nambu had such potential. @abdur unblock @8wire we miss them has a sore throat confusedddd :'( huaaa stresss @goddessleonie aww no sometimes i find pressing the back button gets me my post back! or is it in drafts? feel bad for everyone stuck outside in the rain while rogers iphone 3g s upgrades fail cleaning my home @thecompanyp damn, thats too bad but good luck with that. xoxo/h alright...i have successfully put off doing my homework all day! time to get started. @paty2kmurf hey! which class you taking? sounds weird! lol! had to check stuff online. on my way to my boss's building. my son has bad #eczema days, but we both saw another kid that had it really bad. hate to see when kids are robbed of their fun yay done moving into my new house... rome reunion here in charleston! ... i dont want to go back to work soon gained a couple of pounds so depressing!! huh. for some reason tweetdeck doesn't seem to be showing the in reply to thing any more. where are you?? ....... now i have no sky until monday @riandawson we have not been sitting on stickam for hours just to find out your not coming back right?!! hustlers=dissapointed thelarvafans are no longer together. separated by south america. and larva is in florida @vvhatslife why just when i started tweeting, you stopped! feeling glad i have a father to spoil today..... but also mmissing the best father-in-law in the world... first one without him is grafftin hard..earnin tha paper for tha fuckin bills!!! boy - all work n no play is makin dis gal a very dull girl!! @popeteni really? im about to leave cause they dont have the soup! hungry...shakeys was a hoax @sweettartelette i beg to differ! i work very hard at maintaining my fakery. kidding! sorry bout your frustrations ew! visiting the orthodontist myspace people can get really angry if i don't answer them right away... ja! time to empty out my beloved jetta i think im going to cry. is very confused.. help.. bob the kittie has ringworm. doing surveys and not posting them, kinda makes me miss high school. bored day at work @tiffett what did yu think of dead and gone? i'm so on the fence congrats cousin! i wish i was there! @sentricmusic ...suffice to say their offer was ignored. then emi.com launched and they all laughed rather a lot... @mylissadd dave is not showing you any love fuck, still waiting so i can go to buy it .. &gt; fuck this 1 hour until headbangers ball i love getting comments from hughie from 52 flicks. makes me a happy girl @dressjunkie yup!lol,never thought it wud b that bad hehe i felt so stupid!! my house lacks snacks. i wish my cousin fabiola would join twitter..... had breakie now...off to finish mum's room. gonna give my cat a cuddle first cos she's on my laptop...big hint i am ignoring her. @seanmacdo not sure, i work til 4:30, so it all depends on weather, and whether or not y'all are still there when i'm done. me so sad i keep reading 't-mobile austria' thinking it says 't-mobile australia'... so i am all like, damn spending my last few hours with dan. cant stop crying. i dont want him to go @larainbow awh, i do know how you feel @lucindaa eu gosto de sex and the city, @lucindaa ... good morning, good morning! i'm exhausted. and it feels like friday, but it's not. i want netapp to win, although it'll be hard to beat an all cash offer: greedy emc already owns vmware @wossy it's pissing doon up ere @princess_9 awwwwww thats no good awake. hurting. can't stay asleep. @johnofsteel that's totally unfair, i've done over 100 up dates and all i get is spam bots @thisissirius oh, honey *hugs you big* another potential wife candidate is no longer in the run so sad to hear farrah fawcett has passed on. she fought so hard. @spiderogumi_ you're ill? what's wrong with you? made it back to the hotel ... so good to see my friend janeybird again it's untrue, i don't get to see her half as much as i want too back to the office! i feel really sick @ohhlalara where do they shoot?! haha! wala pa kong celeb sighting! later twitter im going to school bye sick at home. the mediciation is giving me shaky hands... @thatneeshchick hey why arent u followin me wow it's freezing today. had to turn on the heat. @chaddurbin lol a few days. i have typing fail. justin,warren,max and russ all left hollyoaks, so sad but at least hannah hasn't left! i love emma rigby! friday's finally here... big presentation today... but still feeling sick gonna start doing my work na. darn. bye twitter sister drew in the face.. no longer looks like me @vic_ramen no... but it might say &quot;nobody fucks me... nobody&quot; most deffitnitly, and i hate mosquitos i just got bit by one resisting the urge to read the tweets i missed from the last 11 hours. i think i'll upload some photos instead and call it a night. @chrgary at my desk on the 12th floor, every once in a while it flakes out and i can't listen to pandora @mzshoppinbag lmfao. wait no lmfao for you i'm still mad at you!!! leave me alone is dying from this heat and all the chemicals she applied onto her face what's worse than edu websites? their terrible &quot;online communities&quot; and &quot;learning environments&quot; made of javascript and fail hey @tashalxo: lovin' my new backround!! that shit should be illegal!! wish he was the real deal.... home from the football game.....my head hurts so bad @markopolo87 twas yesterday we got some good ideas though....and we're remaking halloween in uni....wonder if they'll let us smash glass? how do i turn my picture back to it's normal colour? @erinscandalous omg student loans already don't scare me where is @cacaubrazil?! @andreeyuhspooky awee this calls for red mango! lol ugh i got a splinter in my finger and i cant get it out is trying to sneakily download a game but its taking its time, i'm impatient oh no, aidan davies has started the kids off crying on bgt getting my haircut by an amateur @dropdeadbeckyy haha, they love it. &amp; i miss cosmo already @angelfan praying for you to warm up too!!! it wasn't bad tempwise here today, but if you are cold today-it must be headed my way!! the most demoralising part is that it is finding new broken links faster than i can fix them haha!!! not fair i tunes dosent have icarly i date a bad boy yet!! @corriemichael everyones there but me because i wasnt allowed to go sorry , twitter is totally fucked on this computer i meant to reply to ella , not nicola clearing up my room... oh nooo can feel my cold coming back again!!-not good @richardcobbett i would be replaying it, but i am getting awful stuttering issues cropping up all the time &lt;&lt; watch that mariah (: watching the cubs... wishing i were in chicago... i guess i'll just do laundry and clean the house bedtime. sun's up. @amarcelo562 well it's a little too late now @blondiemcb good thing you didn't twitpic! temperature dropped 12 degrees celsius overnight goodbye sun. goodbye summer. one more game each, then play offs. penny sprained her left wrist on defense in the last game @theboomtube my mom woke me up at 7 so i would ake it... worth it. and yes i do wanna cook. chris farley snl special - still hilarious and also still sad leaving for berry @gary_singh yeah like that's gonna happen anytime soon. .. wow!! this is a sad, sad, day .. smh .. i keep waking up. @abbybradz i don't want it to change the academy is fine the way it is! i've had some brilliant times there. even a gordon ramsay couldn't save me tonight @sezz239 me too hope it's a good day for you i do have too many books due for the library, so'd only borrow cds. nouvelle vague, diana krall &amp; bjork. someone gave pc dolls for m'bday @franchjean haiz... *pat pat* this is what we called wolf disguised in sheep's clothes... many men are lidat sadly. chem practical is my next exam missing my papa. her big baby is so far away math and sejarah on the same day is not fun. at alllllll @nohhii i'm still up studying for my history final- i feel u! what time is it where you are?? almost 4am here! omg i dont know what to do @theultimatemern guess who is following me? the merlin fan group! barf! hope they leave you alone considering the not so good day is not a happy camper. @chloeroby i am working from 5-10. i worked this morning, was working when you tried to call. if you are up after 10 pm, holler at me! feeling a bit down in the dumps need someone to make me laugh! @karon157 gm, sorry you have to work. so happy i am off this week end. @traceyhand damn and blast is it some kind of rule that doctors/dentists offices have to have fish tanks?!?! at the oral surgeons for wisdom teeth pre-op... @chriscuzzy i can't wait too... will be presented a video of hp.. but here, only in june, i can see on tv.. then tell like was.. it's 6am and i am going to wimbledon (this time, without a ticket ) this is going to be a long day at the queues... go murray! how can i sync my twitter with facebook?? i'm so lost i'm kinda depressed this evening no real reason jus bak frm shoppin for da we: #strawberries #bananas #salad - all the good stuff! tomatoes were sold old i really want to go to humble art's party tomorrow, but probably have to work overtime again. @jordanriane you are in the hospital? @jamaicapanama im missin out on all the fun aww *cryin* lol i have to leave devon today nightshift tonight greek is sooooooooo good, new season dont start till august aww man... @nomtweets sounds delicious, but there's nothing tasty about them at all. boo-urns @erictheazn awhhh... now i really want some haha @masternoda girl, how come there's never any photo evidence of these legendary moments? weren't you placed on the planet to please me? @getatmebench lol he does.. off to work! i want to watch the jonas brothers on this morning! @laurareading haha you must be one of the lucky freaks. i however am not just ate a bakewall tart and feels well ill still sore from astros loss yesterday i need to do more official remixes ... on campus and all the food is gone had a chocolate dove bar and a smart water though! posted on ocean in sobe enjoying a hookah with the girls! not ready to deal with next week! @jeayese i dont even know who it was tho im so upset @swpave ????????????? @azandiamjbb oh no! dreadful thought! won't you get to spend any time blipping at all next week then? lampard scores my son has stomach virus guess i'm pulling an all nighter tonight . mom might have it too - lets hope not! us biggest loser, whatch it now, !! i love jillian god love her, glad i was not on the airfrance flight yesterday, fingers crossed for the 228 missing people i just got home from north manitou island and i need to update my journal but i'm tired. @ddlovato i dare you to comment me back!! im so excited to go see you in concert.. to bad im going to be far from stage still excited! @vacant_heart this one seems ok again now... sorry it's #twittergag's fault hmm had to make a choice, decided to go to the food inc. reception and screening instead of hanging out at the #scgeek dinner @bobmock wow, talk about an over-reacting radical. i have a book, un-christian, about the negative stereotypes of christians. sad. @tommcfly guy, please, reply me, it's the only one thing i need in these times won't be going to necc this year if you get a chance, please let me know if the sessions you are in are livestreamed so i can join! thx! thinks twitter doesn't like me was really hoping hargreaves would be back soon, top player watching the news...it's so sad that people are losing their jobs, homes, and income because of greedy corp. execs and politicians missing my girl's. wish i was with them in wasaga should be sleeeping but face book thinks otherwise am dormit 3 ore.... so i`m in a really bad mood i'm wrecked from yesterday!! soo tired!! @demorrian ...been really, really out of it for awhile. and sick! and it gets better.. cuz this week? finals. yaaay. you? how goes it? i dont wanna go to work @babydollniki homagawd you gone lost yo mind i have exam tomorrow morning @fayelaa thanks paps! it's still different without you guys though @yznw i swear that's a complete stranger and yes, out of no where .. no idea hw yr tweets r tat powerful .. lol @thatgirl_la so jealous! ive been craving animal style fries for so long now we got 2nd place snyder county beat us wish we got 1st @lucyc_ not yay for spoilers!! lmao! i've just seen one i didnt want to see flying @jetblue for the 1st time in awhile. like the legroom. someone put gum in the seat pocket; now all over my manila folder and work! nobodys tweeting... the kids took the xbox to the cabin with them so i can't spend my three days of alone time playing gh/rb. why do i always feel so ill in the morning ohhhhhhhhhhhhh i wanted susan boyle to win i have a flat tire does anyone understand how to use imap? im not getting duplicated e-mails &amp; i am not seeing all of my outlook emails in gmal - frustrated its 7:41pm on a saturday night &amp; i wanna go to bed... @realasicanb owh sorry i didnt see it.. it was just a bunch of drama last nite.. between my ex n my current n me not knowin who i want broke down and called a chiropractor. lets hope she can fix my neck even better...why limit the chars i can use? you're going to encrypt it before storing in the database, right? oh, you're not? feeling like garbage. who gets sick in june?? still have to work! has anybody watched titanic without crying ?? ugh, i always cry i soooo need to catch up on all this new @anoopdoggdesai stuff!! going to the airport to fly home from vegas friday - no party's xbox time! wonders why @megan_ambers neva said a word to me and she was actually my first follower? lol got my boots &amp; flats but are too big darn it. i was so excited. @rckjx bexxyyyy it gets really easy once you're used to it!! i am absolutely hooked haha! wanna see youuuu soon x had another appointment with ma dentist today.....things aren't great yet school is done and i feel so overwhelmed with responsibility! its too much to handle!!! i am very upset that kris allen married. @edwardacullen_ my dad and my mom had a big fight and i think they're planning a divorce and my mom is taking my little brother wit her! @kezhound i'm sort of the opposite. i really miss obsidian. @honorsociety - i got one for la~ &lt;3 but what's going on with your vegas show?? feeling queasy ugh... where's my sleepiness when i need it? @breeawnuhh, that i should be doing something? well i am, i'm going to bed. is on page 147 of &quot;new moon.&quot; this book makes me sad. 's left eye hurts. irritated overly with this &quot;internal kuliti.&quot; the fuck. nagluluha siya. i can't sleep. :... @gobfrey where's your trademark photo? are they thick american style pancakes? i can't find a good recipe for those i dont wanna do the geography exam, i cant do geography!!!! @stoneinmyshoe yehh he just flew away aww oh well xoxo walking the int. drive in search for... i don't even know what i am doing here!!! @lavilicious me wanna go sailing across the seven seas too.. i'm sleepy but really want some fries ed mcmahon nooo, also and accident at the airport, &quot;structural failure&quot; and i got called in to work all day im tired as fvck i didnt slp still sick n very bored lol any suggestions on what 2do? nothin on tv dangit, my head still hurts my heel on my right foot is still sore from where i stepped on something friday night. it poked me pretty darn hard. ouch!! why miley cyrus unfollowing selena and taylor? , so bad!! i feel really sick, and my teeth still hurt. fml. @feltbeats *sniffs* only for u.s? mike has not called me and i am now freaking out that maybe something bad happened to him. my left rib hurts wow... farrah fawcett died she's suffering no more @deepthipola - mera hindi bahooth weak hai @xptpastor hating on ms this morning? @followninacarla thank you, thank you, thank you. you're far too kind! dito lang sa bahay. not really gonna celebrate it heyy im borreed i feel so gross why does my mom have to be so weird about noise! going to bed school tomorrow...wish i knew what he was thinking @blackholeband oh and how can i get witches on my ipod my blackhole section semes empty lol working on the weekend sure is not fun @shanetechteach i know. but seriously bad timing. i understand thou cause going 4 an op on 29/6 &amp; not allowed 2 have any infects prior @yelyahwilliams lololol my bad sorry hayley i just googled it hahaha @cookiefriend i'm with you - i finally get a break from this conf. call!! only to start up again at 1.. @racheyrooney i'm sorry to hear about your day. sending you hugs! try to stay strong. dang. i really miss jacob just like in the books...it was like he was my own personal sun. stomach ache is poorly @savioseb missed u @ campies-nobody to take good pics of me! hehe. i'm glad u found my very limited knowledge useful! watching game 1 of the stanley cup playoffs. boring game man do i hate detroit red wings. 3rd period to come hope sumthin excitin happns @plasticangelzz your alwats very pretty...wish i could see you in your dress thinking about maeby @alba04 oppsies i just got this! im so confused bc i dnt get messages for twitter things @tagalongtess i will give it a try! i am a big wuss as well @markindelicato i know how you feel!! our math teacher gave us a test on the last day of school @luigithescooter @mikecj speedy has battery but still not going, think its a dud after 8 weeks of waiting @cristayyy i wanna see it too! i misss youuuu boooo @ltlline how you go to my job when im not there no bueno! just bit my lip really, really hard sound of madness is an awesome song! don't know why it's dropping though on the countdown need a haircut. the lady who cuts mine is out until weds. yup four more days to they get back and six more to i go home dang the last weeks is like draging on @misscaitlin96 we never see each other anymore my messengers went nuts msn logs in and then freezes, gmx logs in and out all the time... just icq works properly -.- feels the need to do a long tweet. enough to fill the 140 characters anyways. @katieismint hasnt gone to the doctors. omm! suns gone in! haha *squid!* oooo. but ya im ganna try and get it figured out tomorrow im like freakin dieing without a phone is home now. no perverted well endowed chubby milf stalkers in sight @gustav83 i owe hundreds too @bensmithuk i love optimism ben, but i fear it may be misplaced in this case. and...our phone still doesn't have latitude @runawayblue aw. i hope it get fixed, too! @calebtrimbach i'm sorry caleb!! i miss you!!!! i hope your day gets better!!! omg mcdonalds in crewe is closed for two weeks that means i had 2 make do wiv subway no offense to subway workers u no who u r lol melanin deficiency+sunshine = sun burn i guess she rele hates the lakers .... @dougpmd hi any advice on wisdom teeth? mine are coming through,on antibotics as infected! so painful! @bhooshan there were a few showers.. but can't call it as rain yea it gets humid after rains. almost time to go back to real life. the family leaves today 20 more minutes??? #bb10 kitchen is awful @vanessa1015jamz i had to work i soooo wanted to be there too...did dream do fancy and right side of ur brain?? those are my jams!! stressed.... headache..... stressed i am broken hearted! ack! can't sleep i want a tiny laptop - but need an office a/c. bummer. @imchrisrich sure if you want to light up like vegas... i wouldn't advise it but it's probably already too late @_mandyrose_ twilight! i wanna watch it, but my cousin has it at the moment tear. blaaah. i'm bored. looking like i completely fracked up my gallery @karmachord in what way? eating shit longboarding sucks still in pain. wonderfully slow start to the day. but now for shopping and then on with work wanted to use @snitter but realized that it's broken under air 1.1 #fail #snitter can sum1 talk 2 me please wonders what delights dames lou &amp; kate are sampling at cafe marmalade! shame i've already eaten deep sea fishing! years i've been waiting, and i''m still waiting gah! sorry, just thought i'd share that with you. yes, i like fishing i guess thats enough of reading tonight goodnight @mabrowneyes reg. i had a hard time gettin on the site n missd vip so upset but i'll still b there so its all good. hanging out with my &quot;pamangkins&quot;...still desperate to wtch the davids hahaha yeah except i have no money i'm kind of hungry...but it's still too early for lunch i think! attending a early morning meeting when all the google reader items are 'read' is boring gotta go get on my makeup and then off to school..which sucks byes @pchristina lol just got here and made it to the gs i think. somebody called me and the music went off! is in sydney on wednesday for training... not really looking forward to work tommorow everybody has samaa tv balls but me. i want one!!! @karl234 i see you're not able to attend boudoir69's garden party thats a shame @jbartkowiak me too - too bad i don't have time to get up there today @rawrrgasmic what!! im going home now so i will miss them cigarette are very expensive here compare to indonesia hiks... and they dont have dunhill lights menthol bed, need to be up in 5 hours..1.5 hr commute awaits me in the a.m. can't sleep, don't feel too well ugh goodnight tweeperzz haha ;) time to study @azeentey mind giving me the link to download tweetie? the one i downloaded didnt work trying to find a baby sitter.... it looks hopeless @sauldraws haha oh no it's burgundy redish @nicolewilson and i'm still super tired. argh! am sian of doing work already!! something else to do pls pls pls... @oliyoung never got it taking a break from cleaning my room. i don't know what to do with my things! they're too much @ computer class really bored back at work after a long weekend @robbiehudson i thought i heard mumblings of it, but, nothing has happened yet (at least on the app side) @parulbh wish you can come to our event btw we're gna have live chat, so you can join us there! @colinmeloy that totally sucks the kooks amanh em sp e eu nem vou poder ir ugh! back to work tomorrow the weekend went by way too fast! @lovely_london i don't know!!! i keep trying to load a pic and it won't take any of them. i have no face today. well monday... you can kma. i miss sunday *tear* @fletcherrrr as of my eye condition it's to long to spell it affects my eyes im doing my homework... @allieincredible yes. @woo100 oh no! we love margaret, won't be the same without her @wimbledon what! i'm confused 31,500 word target for the end of today. very tired though good afternoon! 80 degrees celsius outside. never thought i'd see it in scotland. the warmest day recorded :o i'm dying hey can anyone tell me how to increase followers ? huh ? big worried hugs are being sent to @meg_la_mania and @nova_caine. i'm sure pops will just be wandering. just had a greasy roast chicken, ewww but nice anyways its shower time.. or wait maybe poo time, i dunno yet.. my belly hurts seeing defeat of bjp led nda is like seeing india defeated in world cup i still have to wait until next 4 months. arg! can't go out tonight car is acting funny wat shall i do??? @iphoneincanada damn i'm at the full price and want the 32gb so i'm looking at $799. granted, someone wants to buy my 4m old 3g for $300 i'm sitting at home snuggled on the couch watching tv. soooooo bored somebody put nuclear mines on the other side of the stargate my night heres not going so well, having a hard time sleeping even with my sleeping meds, i'm stressed and a little sad sigh.. reboot 5 of the day and it's only 2pm @hauwei why is everyone sick? i think i am falling sick too! and i think i just lost all appetite for won tan! had 2 water fights today soo much fun! i cut my finger got a plastic cup cracked and went into my finger, ouch! it still hurts @thaedydal sorry i missed you! had to run home to start preparing dinner. will we see you for the panel tomorrow morning at 11.15? just got home.. like 5 hours early @samjmoody i got your son's cold and i cant taste anything @niteguardianx i hope it does. i need to go and have a shower, but twitter forces me to stay at the laptop - evil twitter @pgatour nice!!! no chance of me getting on the fairways today. it's raining headache @farkough hope all goes well for you...not ice to go through even if you're staying i know can't log in on my facebook account!!! how come my friends can......waaa stress!!!grrr at olc, i'm friggin boreeeeeeeeed. kayleigh is working! but i ain't cuz i dont wanna kay is eating. marit is ignoring her x] hi marleen! @lisasonorabeam how long do the specials last? i'm having to verify my paypal account again aww its raining and cold out still laying in my bed lolz i can't seem to find enough distractions to use as procrastinators more people want to talk to my little sister than want to talk to me @cr09manutd, i just got home from the gym. i feel like i'm just getting more and more fat @meridian_star it was all a bit rushed though, just half an hour and only two more i don't think they always get recognition because... &gt; for someone frm mumbai - it's spellbinding to see how organised the cities are. marvelous society &amp; culture. indians are light yrs away @freeandflawed i'd be down for it even if i don't drink beer... but um, i haven't gotten an email... haha not even yo. i just didn't know how to do that @thang to you on twitter haha if saks doesn't have it neimans does...and they did!!! stll sick tho 50% chance of early finish also means 50% chance of normal finish. or late finish. @morrica sorry to hear that hope you get well soon! @pandamares uh oh...what did heaven do? and, you write fanfiction?! @lancearmstrong any chance of seeing you at a race in germany? unfortunately hardly any tv &amp; news coverage of cycling here anymore! @eu4ia823 i love yakult too! but yeah... too late to order nman. about to go to bed in a bit. super sick at home going to sleep! i'm really sleepy and tomorrow i have to wake up @ 5 am to get my passport! up early and off to work till 6:30pm. @betsyphan: i miss you already too! the visit was way too short. we need to plan a longer weekend next time; hopefully soon!! @munkymunch i'm off my computer so i'll have to wait to watch it @holytshirt @caveman_dick @rachellaycock ferry leaves for europe tuesday evening so cant make lndug, gutted @sandyzahler dont know, really. cant understand it lost all my drawings cos of hard drive failure got a 320gb for 50 though ^(^.^)^ want to change my tweetname, but my real name doesn't fit. and no it's not 140 characters... what now? @dannymcfly ok this is the last message im sending promise! please wish me a happy birthday i might actually cry :p have a good show xxxx doesnt like when people dont answer meeeeeee @jenn_mcguckin no i work i'm off tues and friday the bad parts about fall &amp; winter: bugs falling from trees, &amp; cold weather. alright friends, must now leave the twitterverse my alarm clock sounds off in a few hours *sigh* @mystiquejewels as a fellow migraine sufferer, i'm sorry to hear you've got one. feel better! the sun has gone in @ladybug8320 we've got some of the large poppies in our garden at the moment - must try and catch them before the rain hits them and i don't get anything accidentally bought oranges with seeds. why do they even make these anymore. just woke up from a two hour nap, feeling kinda crapy. oh, also, i have pain. lmao. x( @tayallday i wish! we have to play some fest in belgium that day @banerji1 oh no thats okay you will have days like that just keep yourself occupied i hope your okay i am thinking if i have done any good on my maths exam?? cant sleep...and wishing my roomie was awake to talk to meeee just put my phone to charge after it died. twitterfon did some optimization and now it has an ad #iran @jackieripper is this neda on facebook? &lt;/3 _secretgarden_ i haven't gotten any porn spammers i don't check my followers, but haven't had any tweets like that. i miss my kids. feeling a little anxious and sad. @misterdepraved i recommend it mate!! in all the excitement we forgot to ask her to do some things so we didn't see toys making diner going to munch since my phone broke stupid lg viewty! second time's its broke watching ellen! then off to work it is sigh in jo'berg by my lonesome self it seems our studio has passed through the 4pm chocolate wall unscathed. i still want some though @drunkenmonkey87 i thought you said you stayed out of the sun @evitchka why should london have all the fun? but you're right about the heart attack - sadly also applies to any innovation on exmoor @calibelle theyre cute? oh man, they sound gay lol ill be sadddd oh good. monome + live 8 + reason 4 = kernel panic agh! i think twitter is injured t swift suckkkked tonight @unerakale how did that go,am so sad i couldn't go @cuppie_cake haha yeah the 8900 flash is bright great camera my lights stuck on at the moment smh @denise_v look what you did has a lot to do from now til tues and is a grumpy gus. trying to ingnore my heart i'm lonely &amp; sad thanks to @punkawonk and several other hoes. watching greek. @crystal can you explain to me what am i supposed to do when changing the account pic? please........ @andrewstow what was that for? i had a crazy dream that texas lost 11-4. si.com confirmed it dude. i was going to make cookies for @kadeholloway and his crew but i have a graduation party to go to before the show. sorry boyss. i lost everything all my music my videos everything! and im still moving forward i just wanna die! is off to get her hair cut in the morning, and is not looking forward to spending a weekend alone @maddieque oh, that's not good, w/o music... then, i can't live, too. oh man... i missed official kevin jonas day yesterday @starleigh2000 lucky! i have 6 hours till i get to go home. @fpelligra it was a statistics training...omg pure torture for two whole days. @alejandralei i dont think i can cause its my cousins birthday party ugh! supernatural withdrawal! nooo! @tracecyrus looks like you got a load of fun in norway. i wish i can see you guys play.. sigh @soph4soph @juicytots hoping both dodge the bullet but can't decide if should stay away from other kids for a week? her b'day is on fri @tahmahrah lolololoolololol, my picture is old. i needa new one but im not photogenic fml. @werewolfseth hope the weather is nice there it's cloudy and looks like rain and is only 60's wish i was there on the ocean @lindsey_08 it starts at 7 call me when ui get there so we can meet darlin wished u could come ta dinner @namralkeeg i used to be, but since i have to be so careful &amp; politically correct @ work, i'm out of practice. @job4meandu hard to find a new job in this climate! check out what i started doing when i left my job @jvtranx4 i cant boo! ikasper was taken. guess i'm going to be ikasperr... @kinagrannis i just hope i could hang out with you someday kina.. on my way 2 the beach...i'm still not bikini ready studying for a stupid science and math test tomorrow!!!! yippe feelin like shit today! wish i can stay sleeeeping why do wednesdays always come so fast? wednesday = pe = total disgrace. help me...... hopes i win those tix to see ufc in vegas .. maybe ill finally see lb watching masterchef... it's just not the same without kate... @yonodactyl no not friday i'm going to disney how's saturday @uncbear08 if i had xbox live i would recommend we link up but alas i do not the superdrive of his macbook pro is died kicked of comp i'm coughing up a storm it seems i'll never get better. another lonely day @electrorequiem et tu, brute? @h0tcommodity im guilty on doing tht when i know im not fat! @lizinlights i'm gonna be home in cornwall this weekend and probably won't get back to jersey till after the tony's but thanks!!have fun! mike tysons daughter passed away. she was only like 4. so depressing. pray for him and his family. @majorlyposh we need 4 though! my other 3 are from the list she gave us but even from older stuff i can't find a good 4th to use sims is awesome! lol hanging with rachie69 and timmy tim but timmys sleeping @mjmiranda: my pledge mom told me a home &quot;thera flu&quot; is hot water, lots of lemon, and honey.. all the kitty cuddles don't match up to @lupocattivo cuddles though back on vista had a rootkit on windows 7 so i formatted, installed linux, couldn't use photoshop or play new games on it. so here i am... back to work after 3 days off @nciholas i'm dropping so faaaaaaaaaar. d: squeege is snoring.. i'm going to miss my beautiful cat while i'm away @ebassman i'm jealous... wish i could go back to sleep... i'm on my way to work @holzc arghhhhhhhhhhhhh not good not good @marvee od!!! i don't know whether to laugh or cry. feeling so defeated by this thing i'm working on. yeahh my mood is jst overtaking the fun of the party. im outttt i miss you kristy. is waiting for his heart to calm down after watching cassie almost collapse. today must cut grass or wife will hurt me but will polish bike later i wanna go out tonight @astyles101 the only alcoholic drink i like is tequila/margarita. i wish i cud get the same flavor as a non-alcoholic drink. @lmorchard sad sorry to hear about your pompom uhm....evidently there was a yankee game tonight. i think they lost based on the attitudes of the fans on the train. injury report: left hip and knee are aching, groin is sore, right shoulder strained, left elbow pains, and both wrists screwed up @stickyplasters morning gorgeous! mylene stood me up guess she had someone better to do. fml. my car broke down along sunrise highway...and i had to leave it there...this would be my life stupid ant bites.... i hope they go away soon..... yesterday and today sucks... so exhausted for no reason... soo sooo tired and i hate it so much. i dont want to start work at 8:30 tomorrow morning i think i am back, omg timed out again god this so aint healthy i cut my finger!! and its deep... @vivatheblock i wish! i'm at work. still at work. sick always like this when the weather is nice so sad to see craig and kristen go... had some pizza, and now we're heading home not sure what to do tonight. hmm i really dislike going to sleep upset will be lonely for 4 days because @trizia will be in baguio. @wired #magazinemonday tuesday in au. i subscribe to wired, seed, new scientist and esquire (i'd love to subscribe to more but no time ) fuck, dont wanna go to soccer trainng there is no escaping from the heart-ache! @spilledfiction bonnie, i'm surprised you're not going! you didn't go to the matches the other week in philly or nyc either, did you? @kiteless no chicken tonight? 28days . 7hrs . 16mins - i want! i kall myself trying 2ship this phone out the same day &amp; then my car turns into a swimming pool! thank g0d 4leather. any1 have a towel? cannot for the life of me figure out how to get a picture on this thing? mines are too big even when i shrink em ? xxx i think the nolans have taken all my kerry obsession now that she's gone last day in paris but i am excited to see my girls &amp; get started on another sfx shoot (but no prep time -yikes)! @nereadersdigest ouch @jdidda dag just when i decide to throw that frek em dress on, my most expensive get em heels &amp; my fox lashes.. didda sys zzzz.. wtf @sfm24 is awfully nice of them don't ya think???? &gt;:i i take it i missed you last night was on then supernatural took over :/ i went and flexed it down the park but it's gone all limp now... it was great whilst it lasted though. got done w/my project like 15min ago. headin to school now. last day of art :[ is loving her day off! early start tomorrow, 3am!!! and i promised mr.driver i wouldnt sleep in car journey....gutted!! has found a new hatred for systems analysis and design :| why are some of the questions things i've never heard of i wanna go back to bed 2. acca exems preparations: f2,3 - repeat, f5,6 - learn again (as i failed them in june ), f7 - learn iam watchin britains got more talent i loooooovvvvveeeee diversity whoooooo they won!!!!!!!! but i also loved stavour flatly thank you to everyone who came to see us at the forum last night. we had such a fun night but we're now sad that the tour is over ashley is scaring me warmwarmwarmwarmwarm do not like pls someone help me to put my eyes away from twitter! d: i feel devastated. and depressed. homework homework homework @platea sorry @platea friends - i'm swamped with deadlines right now and we have family visiting to boot! no charades for me. i'm turning to a full time shopaholic now. last weeks expenses was 200, and i just started off e 1st day of e week with another 100. nothing but exchanges and customer service issues today. gotta love tuesday's in retail. @djesquire bbq! jealous the rain has caught up with us here just when we're leaving for the midsummer party, it pours! with thunder &amp; lightning too! dampener! what should we do for midsummer now? wah. hate sewing, hate my machine. is not feeling well....and definitely not feeling up to cooking dinner we just started having our bbq and it started raining lol at the doctors bored going to 4-h meeting for sis next then finally home! yay im so tired im missing out on @djscratch in oslo...damn stockholm! the hiphop-scene is so much better in oslo (and norway)! my sugar rush is subsiding @suehenry go sue go, out to walk on waterfront, clouding over was it all that easy to just put aside your feelings for me???...damn!!! kagaya ka rin pala ng ibang lalake jan di mu lang alam... i miss new house episodes omg ok i think i offended some of my followers...i wasnt saying you guys were stalkers but please believe i do have a few on here @astynes me too. wonder if mnet will show it... - waiting for my mom having a meeting. one show down, three to go. the last weekend of ishine live for the spring 09 tour @lilmissdainty very wise. only just got back from day trip to paris. absolutely shattered hmph i can't get on overcast kids, login page won't load ugh, construction right outside my front door...they're jackhammering the street and shit. at 8 am. argh @jonasbrothers i can't believe that &quot;niley&quot; comes again, this is so horrible for your fans nick, we love you, but you brake our hearts h.e.c.c 09-04 its over now we've left x love everyone what a awesome weekend just a pitty we lost another friend... may you rip my friend you will be missed @willie_day26 --awww mannn ..we was all happy ! we still love ya'll . @ramenth all you have to do is ask &quot;do you have any leftover preorder goodies?&quot; they used to pile me with stuff, but then they stopped @nesspabz yes o___0 gosh, our teacher is killing us. i hate numbers. we have physics, adv. algebra and trigonometry today it is boring. @bytowne tried a direct message but am having trouble with it my name is catherine di cesare. does the pass need to be used tomorrow? poor show by man utd in front of home crowd.. its gonna be everton vs chelsea in fa cup finals.. is watching &quot;defiance&quot;, what a terribly sad film whooo that was close....i actually went on my myspace!!!! (cries) damn twitter and its stupid pause my bracelet just broke also i need to sleep chu know @aanga only when they are one in the same i guess. i know it's not something i could put down.. @lindsay_t really? you should have said something, you could have come with me and my friend! sorry wow i can't imagine leaving everything i know behind me for 1 yr...i'd be traveling the world, but i won't be home.. @meganmetzger good choice the nap! i wanted to have it but i had to study i squisheded a baby turtle @alexpapworth i agree 140 chars are too short, i could not send you my email through dm however bored...nothin to do today @joreynolds55 oh no poor you i'm good thanks, did you see my twitpic last night that lydia drew in the pub?!? good lord!... it wasn't meant to rain until tomorrow! had a horrible nightmare last night about my children - ugh - ... i need to shake it off! @emihnk i honestly can't deal with brawn dominating like this. poor rubens. no matter where he is, he always must feel like 2nd best cramps are killing me aw8ing iphone os 3.0. time in cupertino is 21:28 yesterday.wished i had a timemachine.wait, i have one. but not for this job. have to w8 @earasol uhmm nothin much love , it's work this morning how yu ? slept all yesterday afternoon, and last night, and i still feel like crap packing now. party later. woohoo. man im busy. friday night ... what to do? home and bed yet again by the looks of it studying for chem mlia @shaunjumpnow oh me tooo id pay like 40 bucks for that book pete is epic. @topclasswoo well fine then &gt;.&lt; i wont say ur name &gt;:p next time put who u were talkin to :'( other ppl [like me] get confuzziled why does everyone i know but me get to move to the boston area maybe next year e3... @jenn__marie damn! i might have to work! uh.. count me out trudging through the snow to class in my uggs...last week i was wearing flip flops... @chezery and im just going into work... if we were married, we wud never see each other ah well.... lets see what delights today brings. even though its a dull and overcast morning here in manchester @mikebeckham oh.... i dropped my m&amp;m's its sooo boring today (huuu.......) soo bored man hate 2day argggggg ...celebrated by spilling half my soup. hello, 40 calorie lunch. can it be the weekend now, please? surfing on the internet ... i'm a litlle bored about to do homework @btica or something. there goona start cuttin back on them pretty soon. i feel for the kids who don't have computers at home nooooo! left important paperwork at work which is a 90 min round trip and i need it for tomorrow .... double gutted!!!!! off i go reading about the plane in nj ! how sad doin homework well, kinda! still learning my way around on here, still can't figure it out!!! @stevevalentine yes, go back to bed and get plenty of rest and fluids, young man lol i don't want you sick gentle hugs mate two sad french open days: nadal and roddick out sitting at work, waiting for this day to be over with. it is always fridays that take forever. wish the weekend would get here already. @brian_jenkins right!! lol but that's all the way nexy year damn i just got turned on...but im miles away!! not feeling so hot...heading home earlier today @helasia &amp; how did you change your background picture mine wont let me @calmandready ahhh ok cool! am playing dead space at the mo but may try the headset thing at one point! i just can't sing!!! @jj1814 woman, i didn't know you came home you so suck!!! when are you going back! 5 more days until filene's basement finds out it's destiny...are we out of jobs? a boston legend could be no more. is disappointed to find out wall street journal is republican-biased. buying a mothers day card at 2am the night before is a baddd idea. relegated to cards addressed to &quot;tia&quot; and &quot;ama&quot; i hate when the low fuel light comes on in my car i'm hungryyyyyyyyyyyyy! i have nothing to do and no one to talk to. how sad. i wish i had an iphone might have to start looking for another zwinky show to be on because sammeh is doing the show without me now @i_am_heather they are pretty harsh on him.. pretty depressed that i dont have my guy pants or comfy sweatshirt going to bed. writing a 14 paragraph essay in the morning :b ahhhhhh someone help me get picked up from here! no one's picking up the phone my phone is having issues is feeling unforgivably stupid for dropping aek's blackberry so sorry ka. has to get up early tomorrow to go this funeral @hptwilighter im not ungrounded and im leaving for the east coast too soon. and ill show u my hair n now, i cant have them for mine. @bethharperwalsh like your profile thingy. no you are pictureless.... its like a man with no face v. sad. @afrobella dang hate i missed it. lord help me watching legend of chun li, opened with shots of hong kong, will i ever be able to afford to go there again? my fish died sync @abbikakez no hit up? lady walks up with child. husband walks up. maury povich in my head shouts: you are not the father! poor fella i'm starvin... got to stick to the bikini diet tho not happy on my way to work damn work calls be back in a bit... @nameun just booked tickets for your parents july 4th. so sad you and your bro won't be joining them!!! wish we had pac sun in enlgand i miss shopping there @marylandrum no nothing my parents and i can agree on is boring when no one is on twitter it is tres ennuyeux xd @jonnyfbee effing awful why is photoshop only letting me color certain parts @adefwebserver it seems that c# in is my future as i have to do some sharepoint in the near future. love all of your dnn stuff. ;) morning twitter!!!! ok i gotta go to work someone please come take my spot!!! cavs lost oh well. had a good day at st. john's alumni reunion weekend though. man.. rainy days always get me down. my baby girl just wokeup and crying i miss long time sleep days @krismac24 @jill777 oops you're right, i was looking at the mansfield date! i wouldn't be able to take off work either @lainer the italian 12 string was made with green wood. as it aged it developed many cracks and finally just fell apart. @gocheeksgo nooo he's not trying to be you. cheeks is a nickname we gave him on ontd. rain needs to stop i untie my hair, than tie it back. suddenly i've got a big hair ball on the desk. i want to cry.... @newnew007 oh weird, is that when that little file thing comes up and asks you what you wanna do? i had that at work. damnit, just remembered i have to call the dentist today to schedule my tooth extraction. now that's something to look forward to damn i miss dez so much woohoo! dad asked me to lunch! i wish we had bojangles in wisconsin temporary error (500) on gmail 4 down, 5 to go. i feel drained @javamomma morning!! here it's kinda cloudy ! i'm catching up on all the work i haven't done during the week end! lol is off to bed to rest before essay onslaught tomorrow! i miss my baby moving my mom to assisted living facility today.... sad about it but she needs it for her own safety. @lithquita but at least it's not will i take back what i said, i'm now dying of this cold! x so sleepy! need to wake up early tomorrow. @twilightfairy there's some password breaker that does it... just used it a couple of months ago... but can't remember it right now i am tired tired tired, i think im getting sick. packing is such a drag... @connie75 i heard. i am so sorry to hear that. i know it is so disappointing. man. that stinks. u will definitely have to visit now @rel_raille work still not yet done? i hope you get sleep soon! @swannny i want new trainers is feeling very very insecure why am i locked in @ work when the weather is so glorious i don't know but i think i loose 3 followers..... ok im know im not very popular !!! damn, i totally missed american psycho, it was on tv yesterday not today news shared by warchild o actor norte-americano david carradine, protagonista da popular srie de telev.. spoke to soon now its raining @trokies76 @pocket_poptart thanks guys - shaggy ok. just didn't realise how much has gone with no cut was trying to grow those bits too! oh my god, english and math finals tomorrow. fuuuckkkk doesnt want tevez to leave it makes me sad when i visit the page of a &quot;friend&quot; (who uses the friends-box) and i don't see myself there cammo wont go on webcam may sakit! oh looks like the irish weather is back @suzysmiles mwah indeed.... @nuff55 is out for a few hours, so you'll have to put up with my boring company instead.... thinks the mtv show 16 and pregnant is a sad show. why do the dads always leave after the baby is born... jerks! oh no my optical mouse is spoilt sigh @jacobmaestas i don't think i'll ever have one of those again no ones on twitter its pooo!!! @isabelagoncillo .. have you seen this? +our training is starting na. is soo tired and is sick of false modeling offers i'm thinkin identity fraud poepl e so the true blood episode wasn't the right one. the new one isn't there might watch house instead... @mbueti my feet are wet, and it's not warm outside. [sharon] how about this pic? haha. im swamped at work @mariemon @gracetorralba it's cut class &amp; sleep weather. it's so hard to concentrate &amp; be productive in this weather going to see the dentist. not fun ugh....work!! @tommcfly i hope you enjoy rio, because i really enjoyed the two gigs in sao paulo! when it ended last night i couldn't stop crying! ;laksdjf;lsadf. cousin isn't going to temple this is going to be so incredibly boring. @unklerupert we were outnumbered i hate it when the filling in pizza pops oozes out it is almost 3am and i cant sleep as of tomorrow, both roomies will be gone @millerwentworth hey i was just wondering if you have any new projects coming up since prison break is over. i think you're great! @mrs_mcfox @_crc_ don't worry the 3g only stays around til u get to like exit 4 im bored! @91x having a hard time with the pre-sale... the password wouldn't work here 17 again was actually quite good considering...off to bed now. long day tomorrow. june 12th...please come soon (but not too soon) oh lord. someone has brought reese's peanut butter cups into the newsroom. bye bye diet. i can't go to dia del e today. didn't wake up early enough... @trishopping i wanna go to chinatown... @itsizzyomg haha lol jk im borrreeedddd @thatkevinsmith it's not some people are just to uptight/conservative. happy 4/20. whish i was blazing... getting ready for school tomorrow..... crazy only ten days left. kinda sad have to find a new car today ~sundance~ i'm like about to cry. my ankle is in excruciating pain right now and i don't know why i gave my brother a hug good-bye.. as he took a load of furniture away from the house. he took the mattress i like craving @thefrankenstand the light is off and on and off and on and off again now @donniewahlberg @christina0813 seriously....more than pittsburgh? @tmww you are too funny!! check out her blog post i'm uninspired for blogging this week, but i miss it! just a note to boyz, on mothers day, the mother gets to choose how she spends her day, others should not force their choices on her slept on it and i still don't know what to do. oh, me. why do i do these things. need to sell last years accounting book, management book &amp; marketing book...my new accounting books are larger than the three combined! uh-oooh my throat is scratchy too sick to be here awake... i feel like my eyes are going to fall out of my face they are so heavy... i dont want to work dsl has been down since last night. won't be working till monday @hamoke: these lecturing, book-worm beasts, out for a noble cause. . .why can't they just be normal ok legit about to cry, mufasa is about to die noooo...and im about to go to the urgent care center hmmm...what's wrong with me...bad headache in sunday morning...its not a good sign... @imel no not yet, two more chapters to &quot;shorten&quot;/rewrite and one more paper to write - hopefully within the next month @laundrylights omg i totally agree it has been annoying me the past few days and i'm back on the grid....without a hawks shirt yet went to sf to help a buddys understaffed softball team, groundskeeper left without turning on the lights, game canceled before it started omg..please..no....shoot. @alienfirst yeah i don't do sakura con. i'm doing ax, sdcc, chicago con, toronto fan fest, and i think the asian american comic con... @xhottiegotback ooooh amish...... that's quite a move home sick with a sick cat @marykatezachary i'll miss you mirs.zachary! thanks for being such an awesome teacher to us! love ya more than youll ever know! why is nobody home yet? laundry 2day fuck @theduelies :o. don't kill your doggy @xerinluvsjbx that's great!! i was at my grandmas too. but tomorrow.. school again! @rickeysmiley in south carolina, you came to greenville awhile ago and them fools were acting stupid for the 2nd show &amp; you left @cfsam guess what mine ends 19 june! n starts in a week's time t.t wish i had more time to compensate the dilly-dallying i've been doing sat at home, need shower wanna take a nap but, i must wash my paspad's uniform fo 2moro awwrgh sooo sick, it sucks comment thy code! looking over some microcontroller code i wrote 2 years ago and i haven't got the slightest idea what it does lots of lord of the rings japanese memorabilia going too cheaply on ebay look for kobesamurai listings! brad pitt moved out from his house edward is in a love triangle with kristen stewart and some aussie woman. gargh look at the time! still very awake. this is no good. heartbroken, shocked, scared, crying. no,no,no,no,no,no,no,no, @swayshay i know, and ld is too - bummer! rain doesn't cancel events but it will practice, like today's @bryansimon but dust bunnies have feelings too! sigh b had forgotten that @alaric doesn't have saturdays at home - 'not much of a saturday at home he's having' @danabrunetti not many live podcasts lately? @dluttrelle hey me too!! i'm suppose to turn in a sentence outline for my research paper within the hour online but my neck hurts. agh stupid twitter!! my pic went away same-sex couples can get married on sims 3...i don't know if that's depressing or uplifting. i wish i was a sim #firstrecord double dutch bus on a 45... damn im getting old i`m not yet ready for school start ugh it's monday.. totaly forgot that i got twitter, had to get it because of xbox adding support for it and facebook... why not myspace is urgh. @justinpeer i only have the one at the moment, the others are in for repair woow! ik woke up to early! again!! @redheaddesign never thought that you as a designer, uses windows instead of mac osx.... @ydontifitin - lil!!! how r u?? your msg sounded so sad! just got home from vbox..i smell like cigarettes and shame w/e! i have strawberries ! they're too sour though. so i have sugar!&lt;3 no props for the wine merch? worked until 8 and then spent 2 or so hours doing name change paperwork. yuck. anytime i sneeze the inside of my whole face get's all itchy help don't worry. i fixed my twitter. wicket is doing that gross thing where he scratches his ear really slowly and then licks his paw. says kkbsa co lan ng bad news. waah. watching save the last dance and doing math homework @darkmindedsith awww, if i had a cat and it did that, i'd be devistated @nickbrickett oh, sorry didn't realise! :o sorry to hear that ivan almost just screwed edx's premiumline. he has to mash up every good track badly. having ice cream with raspberry and white chocolate sauce yum!!! really should be going for a walk but i need comfort food @wackyjacky85 nope i tried claritin last summer, but it only made it worse. @marginatasnaily i have a sunburnt back as i couldnt reach it with the l suncream!! xx not looking forward to hitting the big 4-0 on monday i'm very sad i lost another friend. r.i.p. kenneth lee i luv u i miss u man did i loose my $$$$ or did i spend it all.. hahaha damn that's funny... no that's not funny i'm broke rip fish nooooooooooooooo !!!!! susan didnt win i hate diversity!! i hate the rain during schooldays. @thebrandicyrus its relly cool aboot ur song butt am still sad idk whut happened 2 miley i hope shes fellin ok what do you do when windows 7 fails to boot? try to repair it with the dvd of course. when that doesn't work? no idea yet. gonna sleep for awhile, exhausted so, jonney got fired on the hertbeat apprentice see the pics from the golf day online! birthday ending in 5,4,3,2...1 dam it! have to wait a whole nother year! the neighbour spilled bleach on my jeans - nothing fixes a bleach stain. @axelerose meee to. i was so scared &amp; evryone laughed at me @leisa @odannyboy they're repeating workshops at #uxlondon? had i known that, i wouldn't have handed my ticket back. drat. i strongly dislike people who make stupid comments and dont know the whole story @chasingbrittany so when i ran/swimmed into you yesterday i think i loosened a tooth! oh no @imtiron me. im shocked that wasn't a mass text. r.i.p. adam cook. jesus christ nobody twitter for an hour it's all them damn iran people bitching about everything! d: i can't get on anything with twitter @nuttychris i mean @ionacosmetics my bad keeps stuffing plum tablet candy in my mouth bcos my mouth taste like nth but desert. dry &amp; tasteless! rob d. - re: castelvania sotn - they just don't make music like this for games anymore at meg's, neck ache from plugged xxx looking after my sick boy @jessicaspeer sorry to hear that! keep me posted.... @screamr really, really dry mouth doing homework that should have been done over the week end the off to chem class for 2 hours i just collected all 20 loco rocos but 5 were eaten @mattmecham stop teasing. i'm not allowed to eat for another 15 hours.... doctors orders. @millionbaker you accused me of being obnoxious first. oh cruel world, i think, perhaps, we are not long for each other ahhhh. just dance by lady gaga really needs to stop coming up on my favorite radio station. it's ruining it i miss sleep. real bad. but i'm completly not tired. didnt sleep one bit last night. wonders why twitterfeed never &quot;fed&quot; today. a very nice post about setting up your kitchen pantry. tired and not sure how this twitter works watching mary cheat on me in sims 3 nargh my back hurts again /pops some ibuprofen at work! it sucks soooo bad @amber_benson it's a shame you aren't seeing boston when it's warm and sunny.. it's a great city! it's going to be raining for days @ruthlessromance well how was i suppose to know that you guys would be hanging out...? ok... that's cool i guess... i'm kind of sad that its 8 am in long beach....and the sun is mia kids wrote on my stomach... now they own my private area. ughhh. civilization trial. reading day. senior vespers. exams. hasnt booked a flight.... my head feels like a bowling ball sad about jon and kate @candy73 waffle house... so yummy. i miss it @suckahpunch i'm glad your birthday was a good one! sad we missed out shoping today .. shame its not as sunny as it was yesterday noooo only today and tomorrow left to schools back in. i think imma cry. i absolutely hate school with a passion just woke up i have a long day of cleaning ahead of me have to go to a meeting i don't want to go to @kirstiealley i think you look great!!i wish i could get motivated to work out. well first physicaly fit. cant do that with a bad back i've missed so much tonight...dang it!!! had to put kids to bed #wefitfamilies#fitfam this nba season has been crazzzzyy..and like anyone-wanted to see the kobe/lebron game!! locked out of my office (i think i lost my key) &amp; late for a call. not the best way to start a day #fb inc.com's guide to business valuation -- with a complete absence of software or tech i miss speaking to ken,haven't called back since it doesn't feel right.ugh cbf starting with some1 new also doesn't feel right climb cancelled...project for airport tomorrow: find new company to climb fuji with no swell... dont want to go to class!!!! i wish that kimm or will would log on msn, im really bored and theyre the only two i have interesting convo's with feeling the need for larger hard drive capacity @dressjunkie lol no interesting courses like that at antrim tech hehe can't fall asleep my fasha is being an ass and took my phone...no texting for me tonite types too fast for her own good. and has been craving pizza for 2+ wks. gah i hate not having a job i want pizza! lmaoz why me?! nearly at st andrews...a series of disasters has made me an hour late tho it's raining i cant get sims 3 b.c i dont hav leopard. effing gay man. im so blown!!!! @softthistle i know they grown so so quickly , rebecca is 4 next week @bm_ @thaifrogblogger sorry, jumped the gun with that retweet @ddlovato so true. and it really hurts when things changed for the worst. @johnlela thanks, i've noticed. all of a sudden i have a lot of followers who just started with twitter @iranelection so i totally want to be in dallas right now. omg slightly simmered down now. possibly still would have lost, but the umps completely screwed the contest in the end. @mariedigby mari, great that you are home...hope this won't effect you love you..carina xoxo wow... alot of sad stuff in the news today @heythereivannah jealous! im at work tres tired, not ready to work sunburn on my scalp due to working outside today today, i got body slammed by a 600kg horse. go me @writer_dad i'm sorry to hear about up. i was really looking forward to it. @nitrojane i think thats when i'm in new orleans i'll have some jambalaya foryou instead. waiting for my math class to start @berry171 don't let it get you down - one person shouldn't be able to ruin your day when's your next day off? we can get frozen yogurt! @srslyliz omg that movie was so good!!! i cried so hard is home sorting out paper work for college dada excitement!!!!!!! what we up to tweets? i miss our convos bad times x x x x night off! just returned from x-men origins wolverine. bit disappointed to say the least. gambit was cool, but not hot. story went everywhere. @northirid i so want that now. i think i need to ring ms to renew my technet as it can't find me just got back from the movie. sorry syd couldn't go. y's this karaoke night turning sad, this groups doing mariahcarey's &quot;always b my baby&quot; this used 2 b my songgggg @fearnecotton i miss seeing you and @regyates at totp. @danield6 hahaha it really slips my mind! im sorry! being ill makes me feel lonely and sad trying to do delete multiple programmes from my v+ box is just a tad tedious @joliciousjewels naw i dont remember them at all thursday can't come soon enough.. i miss joshua note to self: stop stayin up til 4am playing css - stifles creativity @scotmckay did you read about ahmad's rival,s past record. not too much of a diff in my opinion. knows why not secret project revelation postponed until tomorrow probably, on account of a math test today. sorry everybody awake and off to work with itchy eyes .. thanks hayfever gonna have to start this past paper before i fail the exam tomorrow. last minute, i know. @zeenat_x woo! and boo! bad tyms has hapend to me many times!! bt if ur sngs r n ur ipod or mp3player u shd b able to gt thm bk n! lvatt is coming today. but my posty hasnt been! to make it worse my cats keep going in and out the catdoor so i keep thinkin its the post i have to work on fathers day people i miss: john havent seen him since february @swellyn why should i... he's not following me ... but i am following... watching the my blood valentine remake. what the fuck is this crap? who the fuck thought this was a good idea? i'm working and it's kinda slow @kamiruchan what should i do???? her questions makes me feel pressured. thats what i told u yesterday... @jessi_khaos i gave you my ideas, but you didn't like them. @teamdemi_lovato who cares!?!!?!??!?!!?! not me it's really extremly very annoying ppl who keep saying that!!! sry just moved into con dron and locked out already. miss my friends crazy feelings my head is still spinning i broke my leg in the jonas brothers show.. isnt outta bed yet actually having to go to school no movies..... shed tears while watching @ur2jealous im sorry (ur bf right?) @loydcase tweetdeck on iphone crashes a lot for me i am going camping this weekend and i really need more friends on here oohh hands! it's stiffened. hahaha. i actually uber suck at being a forest animal so now i'm pretty sad at not even being able to be good at that. @lolablades yeah yeah have a sweet time in that shitty tropical paradise you're off to tomorrow. @gabrieldelahaye i'm going to have to counter with aaliyah's &quot;if your girl only knew,&quot; which gets extra points and still sounds fresh. i wanna go back to the beach but then again i could have been on that air france flight. titan maximum department head meeting starting now. see you all in 90 minutes. @allyeezy maybe it's a song that isn't in the system yup yup, playmate angela! somebody that laughs loud is at my house, i want to go up stairs but i so scared @devteamchat &lt;/3 in the year two thousaaaaaand! conan o'brien no hizo el bailecillo ayer en el programa...decepcionante adium has stopped working with y!m again... i thought this one was fixed. @annamalgorzata having med now but it is getting worse some times i think i shouldn't quit smoke good morning kiddies! shall we see what the day brings? went to see the new terminator movie. wait to rent it on dvd.... its hot going to bed now! i admire your overconfidence and innate ability to look in the mirror and see something that completely isn't there must be the drugs. more than a trim? wow lol @ginamackattack &amp; feel the exact same way as you gina tbh my shure e2g earphones seem to have expired and only 2 months outside the 2 year warranty just got home from the lake. sunburnt and tired! transformers at the imax was awesome! tiring weekend helping with ukesa lan finals and the g/f leaves moving back to thailand tomorrow is home from work early and is sad that the sun has disappeared....i want a tan i feel really alone. @andreastephani you having a nice time in the chester sun? my yard is in the shade already dang! is everyone at the jayz/em concert!! damn you bsnl. net is down no dxc for me this weekendd until next time miami ! @nicbeau yeah .. ... maybe my next one will be better ... gotta be some good amongst the crap right? well i'm hoping checking out gamestop down the road also... might get a job who knows ..now i just need a bunch of rides to it w/o you my sun doesn't shine. just caught up on friday's hollyoaks - gutted about hannah! father's day bike ride, pd2 fw design work (last 20% taking 80% of the time) but no acid jazz jam tonight aww change a plan going out next saturday aww well guess could do of saving the money why does the weather here have to suck huh? why? it was good for 3 days, then it turned to suck, sigh, i wanna be back in canada i would love to get a macbook pro but they cost way too much money.. i would probably have to run windows on a dual boot anyway.. @kishorcariappa they just wont let the office boys sit for a while, their job is just to make them run around bored. reeeaaalllly bored. can't believe how much money i spent in london. @nicoledegroot @danaschurer so gutted that @rachaelcrowe isn't coming tonight i think i have vertigo... misses him already ifly ty. @akiralove sure!! but the bad thing is.. i forgot my username and password! @mwissa really? can you send it to me too? i don't get the internal emails. have a huge headache! i wish i was in l.a. @sugewhite1015: awe ...you hang in there things will be better! and whoever she is will be fine...stay positive!!! i planned on sending out my marketing email today, but it looks like dreamhost is having some issues...my blog is super slow it's supposed to be sunny today. where's the sun? @jc_live yeah - looks old skool on a large screen y cant i sleep @croosa haha - i'll let you know how the blood alcohol does - though i have to run to the mall later @sasaloves they are quite sad indeed i guess itll be a jeans type of day.. i am sooooo bored theres nothing to do. i wish i had the computer in my room busy day today; shopping for food; buying cleaning stuff; eating said food; using cleaning stuff. - oh yeah - and studying i just missed a load of phonecalls trying to climb through a window dad failed to fix. don't feel up to phone calls right now though i need a puppy @irisheyes_1968 cool video! blip link was dead. always dug lukas. feels really really really really really really crappy can anyone recommend an online html editor that acts similar to dream weaver? my copy of dw just died on me i have the biggest headache..! back to bedddd... site didn't work 1st physio appointment this afternoon since my op. i'll try not to cry @wolfcat accc is investigating that one as we speak - so hopefully soon all that stuff will be finished with @danielkagle i love you!! call me when you're done with work!! i miss you &lt;333 one of the squirrels here got smushed today ..... thats what happens when you dont look both ways! @hydroponikz oh no! mtv is letting you go? @rustyrockets your a lover not a fighter. no wonder it made you feel sad sending you big hugs &amp; wet pink bits. x @lilmissdainty it's not being unemotionally involved or a robot. just have to match pay with competency lol but it doesn't endup that way shit it's raining really hard well i was trying leopard xp theme from .. but today i have to uninstall it, it is nice but have too many bugs blahgiddyrar. rargiddyblah. i forgot how to go to bed. where is it, again? i don't wanna. also, it'll all be okay, right? i hope @aof_official don't tour australia whilst i'm in new zealand, talk is they'll be here in feb db birthday. its so hot another day with no snuggie in my mailbox heading home. very hungry. i don't think my stomach can handle in-n-out right now, but what else is open right now? i really wanna listen to kevin gates right now. left the cd in the other car oh where oh where can my baby be? the lord took her away from me good and sad song memories of year 8 camp/hike nearly died that day lol still at the hospital with my grandma sigh... oh no - so much homework fail ... mom goes home tomorrow, and i don't want her to go rock bottom brewery chicago--dinner with my friend andrew before he returns to california @matthewshawhere how do u use twitter i would lik2 no woooooooo got my hills season 4 dvd box set ! .. and managed to lose my voice. hah had a rough night sleep- still tired @lincolndn haha i did work at dq, but not that one, sadly sorry to disappoint. database error with my site? @mediatemple @thrustingcougar aw @sarahwong me too but i finish work at 11am which is when i normally get up on saturday... so i don't really lose my day :p @urbanwide was hoping to use my wheelchair this month rain is pouring down wont step outside the door today.... @meganintime i've got a really bad stomach flu. had a painful experience at 10:17 why am i not over you? @liljizzel lil jon!!! hey thats serious??...jut damn.... non!! non!!! me head is hurtiing! , but my phone bout to die @starsinjenseyes i want lemon pudding me=jealous. @andrewmjones i'm sorry! i didn't went over to the aunt &amp; uncle and played rock band and drank beer. my bad. does not like ups much today... back at it again - video work feels not so well today .. @mattlxs lucky..i wish i was with u thunderstorm so jon and kate got a divorce today sleep time. hope i don't have any totally unfair dreams again. @mskeekee30 wish we would be as &quot;together&quot; on issues in america. wishful thinking! @justineville g'night jus. won't see you tomorrow. @aurumarum awww it says not found 404! can you repose it? @runikirun: hrm that might be a good idea for some things! especially when i lost my planner a couple of weeks back. tragedy. @jenjan noooooooo! my old palm could twitter. just the camera sucked! unless i was in pure light nothin was coming out @corporalpayne that shit doesn't work. that's why my kitty got declawed. i'm waiting and feeling real tired at the same time excited to get my new white mesh riding jacket...today's ride home in a black jacket will not be cool (pun intended)...89 right now... my daughter may have got swine flu from classmates at weltec. i'm disappointed that harry potter is gone from the trends sigh plugs being pulled on nana today. im a lil bored...... i feel bad im gettin spoilt 4 my b-day, presents r cool but i feel spoilt @coryy_x now i'm even more jealous mine doesn't have a pull string @friendsrule4eva not much! very bored! @cwelk i hate knowing that life goes on without me there @miss_aimes i dont have a lunchbox @jglozano the &quot;se&quot; classes that we had in cs were absolutely terrible. 309 was a joke and waste of time @victorianaa everyone at the pk lounge is sick. we all look miserable. such a bittersweet day. @westongreenman was that on star fm bychance? dang! i missed it my darling b is ill. lets hope its not that pesky swine flu @shen88 you too are fake.. :x ... disguising your links to be something else. i'm gutted that its not my prom tomorrow throat's still hurtin' everyone's tweetdeck works except mine poo. @gem_w hope ur ok you can still have a good time on your own its so easy to meet ppl @ #glasto x @missmieke87 sorry i missed the swimming! i was in the er fed the horses, now i need to do homework but i don't want to @luuhmaion oh noes aeueahuaeheauheauheauea getting ready to go to school since leaving garhh revision @mellymikkelsen haha i love these kinds of shows! they are sad though i miss you too girl...come back to cali! @mrs_mcsupergirl so do i @bobbyfresh09 i'm on my couch lovin orlando right now i wanna see mickey n donald aw hes crying thats such a shame! he only had bloody 24 hours @omgshane gary papa's death is extremely sad. he's had ongoing health issues the entire philly sports community and city loved him! no more days off til wed... boisss do something come on come on #pakcricket @mrshowstopper argh, i stopped myself same tweet. let me out of time out... bored, @_bootsie is working &amp; @shystieuk is gone fandom!brain and reallife!brain do not mix unless @shaneworshipsu2 is involved, then things get nutty. sadly he wasn't involved my thumb is still swollen. @tweetnotpurge1 how u my babes? long time i want dairy queen my energy ran out is not feeling well after her fill today! i really hope i feel better tomorrow! school again. #fb i need a break from everything. i wished i had some money then i would ride 200 miles in one direction and just unwind. stuck in traffic. was being so productive until now nvm . it's the day of rehearsal , ahhhh sucks . woke up early in hopes that i'll go to sleep early tonight... working 2 shifts tomorrow.. one in the morning then my usual evening one.. just ate breakfast. was not impressed. there was no milk. @graceblack i tried, it didnt work wtf gas is over 2 dollars now @beckles71 i thought you liked me. wish i was thereeee @hunepie awww sas day i miss you guys so much! @tyrannosarahrex , guess who's birthday is today urgh... totally feeling the effects of jetlag - am exhausted! sad. i really, really wanted to see the cavs vs. the lakers. my legs are peeling already i should sleep before finals.... nah ddnt find a dress for graduation. going to try again 2morrow owwie. that hurt. so bored..need friends oh! and i'm super sad that the next time i come to this apt., i am going to be completely alone. i am suffering from post barbecue headache disorder this morning ya shelia just read that sux @misshq didn't see one in the app store i've bounced back &amp; forth between twirl &amp; td. like the group feature of td &amp; simplicity of twirl just came back from playing soccer four hours straight now my head hurts a lot.... mosquito bite on my foot ouchie @jlrinella mooch is one of our cats @evliving awwww that sounds amazing! in buena vista, co, our high for the entire year in '08 was 86 degrees. i love hot weather! goodbye, my fringe! it's not for me and i'm not looking by myself with it. so...then i don't need it, right? @komplettie hard tried vlc &amp; mpc. got the eps from a friend and didnt vet them before hand waaaaaaaaaaah i am crying over adam lamberts loss. wtf? kris allen? why was he even there? he butchered that marvine gaye song. @cyberbuff nope i have not yet got it @lzne share @nicholasngyh is a fishmonger, he sells fish. waiting for a deal to collapse to send in an offer and it completes with 1 min remaining @mishacollins oh no poor thing, she totally looks like she did not get what she was after in the adult video store...so sad i dont feel very well today the sun is shining and the sky is blue, i wanna be outside not inside with a cold! i have a pounding headache and my roomate is blasting what sounds like death metal and happy hardcore in the nxt rm ....help... my throat hurts i can't believe i missed an important session of jzone didn't see gary v. .. didn't see ate margo's brotha. @baaheeyaah hey hun sorry i got off msn before the net got disconnected xx @leehigginbotham a) i heart garth and b) jon and kate makes me so sad @teems. my heart just cried. my stepmom just texted me and told me they were at the emergency room last night because han had an asthma attack started to watch isolated incident and i can't stooooppp lol @atraz call me when you can, i want to know whats going on... @masukomi - i hate voicemails too @_dark_lady bored and gloomy. also, annoyed with the world for its suckiness. @tantamani wow, that really sucks so sad to see when that happens, when it's believed to be the only way out. i'm looking for a summer job siren: blood curse looks neat but meh so... painfully american... and the dub is lulzy my mom totally woke just to see a fennec fox. i really want one. uhhhh i ate toooooo much @mmkrill safe travels, btw, from what i have read, new software will allow music via bluetooth, just have to figure out how i need a tripod i'm dead @beeryayghost me too wish i was at mcfly today can't believe i just missed 8 out of ten cats @daniamiwa sorry to hear u got toasted @miamii why do you hate your face?!?!? @bsmrocks anyone else in the band and it would be a dead cert - unfortunately, mine looks like a mirror i have a yen for bubur ayam goooood morning twitterbugs!! hope you guys are feeling fresh today! i woke up super-energized and ready for the beach but the weather is i hope she starts taking care of herself &lt;3 i'm such a failure omg i dont i think i want to talk about this. it sound so close to home 2 years ago @nilakar no. that would be too modern. they have just announced physical typesetting as a part of the course &amp;printing plates i feel so sick. this is horrible lol have helped my father all day, tierd as hell.. omw to marion, have to helpher with her window i just wanna relax!! juice it up @badmummy no mucking it all up going from very bad to worse.... blah. woke up because of a stupid bad dream. @binncheol i'm afraid so. all tour i have had people refusing to believe that i am anything else... irish all the way. @tweepsearch isn't working... big fail message. @dacort? so glad aj's fever has gone down. i hate when my kids get sick, feel so bad for them. i think my crank has just gone down!!!!!! lights back now i'm awake ;-) going home to san francisco tomorrow... wow this month in london flew by so quickly! bye bye ukonnie gained back 4.5 lbs in 3 days... wtf?! @epiphanygirl are you coming to houston this month, different promoters are posting different things supposed to be u,music, anthony ham it's @natsmith88 last friday today was going to see a movie.....damn friends. @tinkermom oh no i'm sorry *hugs* hope dragon is fixable @kourtneykardash: i do!! i love flying.. unless the tv monitor in front of me is broken, which happened on my last long haul flight three movies i really want to see: up, hangover, and away we go. probably have to wait for dvd for all three another beautiful rainy day in ny sigh 5 months until new moon... are you kidding me?! how am i supposed to wait that longggggg?? x reading ok! i'm sad for jon and kate plus 8 date night was a success despite shitty thai food and a girl puking in the theater. i loved &quot;up&quot;! i want a dog so bad. @cin2899 yes, i did read about that so tragic @akcoffer i was at work anyways wish me good luck!!! thursday my exams are starting late start this morning on the links due to rain. cart path only made for a longer round. shot 103 today. no roll pn the fairways @xxmcr_ladyxx i wish my pool was ready mimosa time! i hope the rain clears up though. i hate when it's hot and i turn on the ac and then it's too cold. and a fan's not cool enough. ugh! in such a dilemma looooong dam night, now i'm at work feeln n lookin like a zombie! my attitude is gonna be craaazy today) just ran into exboyfriend's parents. his mother has brain cancer. @gchristus i only have one follower... will you please follow me? @pro42089 chillin at my house... all by myself... im getting a little lonely. so hurryyyy!!!!! little boi!!!! @pdaisyjewelry i'm right there with you. it's so hard to function with the painful sinus stuff!!! going to encounter im excited! but not to say goodbye to my adorable grandma what up twitter well my fone dont let me tweet off it no more idk why so srry if i take long to hit yous back is a sucker for being useless. stuck in houston st listening to someday we'll know... it's raining!!!! looking for my new recordings to 'make sense'... getting less happy with everything the new album is though nut to crack @magolith hrm! sorry, i didn't see your reply. did sheereen sms you? she has to go see a doctor so postponed! sorry again! ugh. the bedding i ordered sucks. returning it for sure. today is just not going so great... walked outside for a few mins, and now covered in skeeter bites @wowenmundo you hardly ever drank with me taking a break before i shower. i stink i will never eat broadway pizza again.. feelin ill. @neffytabor what was wrong with the cup i made you earlier my mom just called and said i had to come home to do dishes ughhh, having the national test for math class in 7 minutes... why has the weather been so gray this weekend? #fb booo @bsemaj leaves today doesn't feel good wondering if i'm too late for the #weekofwin so many ideas no bloody time. last one on the bus long walk home! @jdee313 you're blackberry is wack! lol... imma try to pin you no boo now i want some @infamy187 i wish i was watching will and grace with you too!god damm sports banquet. aww, poor robyn. she got deleted. @inkt_angel awe i'm sorry hun i hope that things get better *huggles* delayed by 30 min now wondering what on earth is up with facebook... it has been so laggy these past few days and it's doing my head in @cath_lee v.interesting article. didn't realize half of that stuff about her. it must be impossible for her right now jensen ackles had an eye surgery, poor him i have three elbow creases in my left elbow. i am becoming wrinkly i blame the rash. working i want to be back in saturday again!!! i hate working, especially when the weather is good @foxlaamymurphy alright!!!! that's what i'm talking bout it's east la idk bout them being classy good nite i love how im watching something on telly, and fam arrives home and takes over rudely. go back out please yay! letter in my po box, unfortunatley it is for the old owner my sister got a lunch date and i don't oh no someone put out a survey and put all the emailadresses in the to: field, including mine why are such people allowed to use mail... day one to a healthier lifestyle begins now. gotta work on the whole sleep thing tho stranded in newark 'til 11:30 - good times @vicariousills i hope so cos the course is paid for @mitchelmusso i can't! that would b a seven hour flight for me. okay guys i have whiplash and seat belt burns, besides that i am at home and doing well. i lost my car its wrecked, two years of pay gone @reemerband i always miss your blogtv's now @rychent..if these vets cannot pull in a 100k in 1st week's sales..hip hop is dead man..dead!!!they shd quit putting out albums and tour graduation today and i lost my phone!! so sad! but i got a new one soo &lt;3 yesssss!!! finally a sunny day!!!! theres this mini bong that i soooo want. its got a defused downstem, perc, and icecatcher. no $ tho @mychemfreak that actually sounds really good! nite...oh btw, miss our late nite laffn sessions nite frnd! is bored! maybe i'll go to the mall or something! [but i dont have $$ ] ugh i can't find my puppy. i'm gonna cry. @rlich8 couldn't find you. @jonathanrknight life sure is precious...and in some cases it ends way too early! it's important to enjoy life while you can-no regrets! homework...blehhh. @troykids you sputtered @chrismou what does seo mean? i'm sleepy also- my family sold our swing set. this is very sad. the first signs of moving on and growing up. (never!) have to say &quot;bye&quot; to my hamster chikki neck hurts fml overslept didn't get up at ten and now i missed math thing joy @alexyish also bb says you are not existence or the king so you can't have titles almost finished with mondo marvel # 4. time for sleep. hopefully i can get this together and finished early tomorrow. i mean, today. working late with an upset belly best day ever..wosrt morning ever. @mzbossymdment it was that or take bus 12 hrs during the day...rather swimm with sharks on the rag @chrys73 why??? @liosilva.... was midge the little chihuhua type dog? @sbuffing way to spell my name wrong 's pc is sooooooooooooooo bagal omg!!! why did i do it? why did i drink so much oh no it's fading away again ......listening to the rain..again! y am i constantly having feelings of self doubt recently?? i mean i'm not the most confident on the best of daysm.. i need to get a grip @willsara when did you get stimulation will? i am still waiting! back to babysitting, is having some stomach pains feeling really bad today ! paris .. i miss nicole um with dev gunna watch a movie wanted 2 watch uninvited but w.e.! im sure i recognize him from somewere scary if he stares at u agen give him dirtys or put ur finger up n see wt he does this place is cold @pauliiiiine #itsucks because the delicious are the ones that make you fat. the tooth has to come out but it has to be tomorrow. 24 more hours of agony. went to fab restraint last night. not as good as normal even free sambuka did not make up for it. shame i love al restraunte as well @hot30 your site is going so slow it wont even load is good maybe all of this was temporary?? hmmm, well i had some good times, it as fun while it lasted:.. you twittered that cuz you spelled my name wrong @fionamarie21 i'm alone for the first time in almost a year... father &amp; daughter r in the mall shopping while i chose to stay as i'm feeling sick cancelling hotel we had booked for the weekend. supposed to be pouring so spending two days by the coast might not be the best idea @kellykells i'm so sorry pumpkin i hope it gets better really soon. rest up so we can play! @diannemca lmfao! if my username wasn't moanyboot it would have to be sarcycow, i tried missunderstood but it was gone @whoiscraig feeling absolutly shattered and its only 1030. also feeling sick @blu3spristine i'm so sorry layne. you shouldn't have had to go through that. @rachels_rampage awww! okay i don't like sharing you @bigmadkev is this what it is? never heard/seen.. hit her head last night ouch! @stinie that ecart place has broken demos online. not cool @olafsearson im good ta -damn thats an early start you have there lol. i am just about to head off to work! has to be done tho xx ugh, why do the two small spots on my forehead hurt so badly, they are giving me a headache. god i hate my skin. @zackalltimelow awwww booo @jilly_in_philly magic midori ball says absolutely i'm wearin a dress for awards, and i don't wanna be the only one wearin one- @alipaly i'm sorry. it's hard being alone sometimes. i'll be crying myself to sleep in a few moments. but you aren't alone. not totally @madlyv i can be there in ..... 18 hours!!!! except ... i'm working. @judez_xo i haven't been lying who the hell lies via twitter? lol i left school early today, seems i am a fool @mimiparadise i still have a cold. fucking dirty ass people going to jack's tribute match today doesn't know what she wants to do tonight ...any ideas?? @jaylink_ @carsonjdaly said awhile back he was deleting celebs and following the &quot;everyday guy and gal&quot;. hasn't followed me yet. @isisphotography meeting lori &amp; mimmo for coffee. thats about it. our day was canceled because of rain gotta go to bed but i'm not tired! @jamiejofficial @lizmcclarnon omg just heard about the lately release date moving. hope everything's ok @compelledtoread oh man, i envy you more than you will ever know. us normal folk have to wait until september. @nirty i just tried going back it doesn't go back that far morning.... ohh geez my heads soo sore ... sick all morning @ms_poynter_1988 whey lol i really want to call cricket ground to see if i can take billi at all, phone bill too high though pants! @taylorthomas when's the next shipment? iohhh i dont get this she found me! @ayy_meier i know it's so sad wow it feels weird speaking to people from my first school years.. they have all changed so much!! i miss you guys lots it's humid tonight, it is unbearable hopefully having a bbq; but looking at the weather, it looks like it kinda aint gnna happen x any ideas for a 'blizzard' theme fashion design? im still stuck in school. not yet finished watching the movie! soooooooooo glad to learn that farrells ice cream parlor is staging a comeback in so. cal -- too bad it's in the mission viejo mall has to be in cockermouth for 8:45 tomorrow morning, jesus christ i want sleep it's too bad how i came to know a person inside &amp; out! just realized i haven't eaten any dinner! kinda too late now i guess! does not want to go to school chiropractors hurt! in so much pain hopefully it will be worth it! can't get online with eeepc no green light on dongle, maybe no signal? #sltc09 @debaser @chuckfitz aww man - i'll miss bb and fabs @mrsprepjerks tnt so it's not the good version... it's hella edited. @dinah_lee i am so glad that everyones giving them attention!! i miss them so much cant get the subtitiles off of my stupid tv having one of those nightmares where you wake up suddenly...fall back asleep &amp; it continues... matt's at work however, it's a perfect day for watching the boys splash in the pool and relaxing with an arnold palmer-my new fave drink! not campaigning. doing tort revision for exam tomorrow. would rather be out and about says if only twitter updates can be shown on plurk too! @followthefish outlawing of beards? i like my fuzzy boyfriend. my abs hurt so bad is in a life full of flats lately miss my heels samara &amp; shannen are gone things to do watching a movie with the boy.... time for bed soon..... work at 6 tomorrow! not ready to leave @barevinyl sounds like an awesome morning then! i had to cut my workout a little short cuz i was running late byebye bryant house brother is going to amsterdam, and i can't go with him must be beautiful there these days ... i know i was bitching about the heat, but now it's cold. that song use to bring me down during my aaron depression lmao. waste of time @markhoppus it's okay mark. i still love you. i'm sorry. i've ruined everything between us. forgive me? wants to lay in the grass. but it's wet. - beth left man oh man. wanted to go tanning today. but i dont think that im going to be able to. makes me sad. boo hoo. wishin i was at bday bash .... nobody's in the gutter - finally got my camera! i don't know what to do with any of this. tired of trying and getting nothing back soooooooo tired i can never sleep here tho flip flops with toenails not trimmed @jackybabe: omg lucky i'm getting lvatt tmrw at 8. i can't believe you got it early! @denitsayotova yes it's been to long! @leatron @popcorn44 i'm going to her concert soooo early to see if i can see her walk in but idk about the hotel pain is uncontrolable rite now non uniform day @ work 2day, but have to wear something yellow n omg i just don't have anything yellow, guess it's uniform 4 me. @techchix keeps freezing and shutting down probably my favorite thing about lbk is how many stars i can see from my front yard. wish i had someone to sit out here with me. damn..ny is so wack right now..where's the nice weather?!? well i'm turning in early tonight because i have to work again tomorrow at 9a.m. doing english hw! pasta for dinner i think....i miss sunday dinners i don't want to leave london if i can hide somewhere on the tube i will @manderzz not talking to me what a meanie @kensutz in bed though &amp; only have cable up here where is #ohnotheydidnt ? waaahhh!.... i have 1 week left before i go back to school!!! ;( @reemerband average? my joke was great! i'm offended just started studying for tomorrow's test &amp; won't be getting much sleep tonight abee anaam just put in my 6gs. hopefully it will be for a whole week this time last day of senior week @mikey_nw14 oh i'm sorry you don't have a girlfriend! omg! its already thursday night!?!?when did someone press the fast-forward button on life? im sooo tired! ballet open day on sat and sun @samarowais i think every now and then about switching networks, but just cant seem to do anything @valv30 yeah...i have the curve...not sure y urs would do that that sucks @iamjazmine wow brb as i go cry now another ordinary day. nothin special, nothin interestin. too lazy to do nething. gdnite tweeps argh it's so hard to get motivated for work when it's only two days a week, five days apart and on a weekend. @celinehlbk ban! please don't die! @somesheep some of the should, but i am not sure about the majority in the dentist waiting room... feels super sick. cant sleep. cant drink or eat anything without throwing up. wow i just found these sunglasses i wanted at target but no money! they r pink n amazing! @slapdashash @slapdashash yeah... i was looking forward to that too... @forpawz i am lost. please help me find a good home. in drivers ed car wishing i was on the bus to six flags right now doing homework.... it's a lot :s @therealmattl you were the best thing in hollyoaks, then you died! sad times can't remember what its like to wake up early...and im gonna have to clean again! and help mum with cooking and stuff...ahhh man!!! interview seemed to go well today...now the waiting game begins twilight didn't come yesterday fingers crossed for today @robynlj ugh everyone's seen it except meeee !!!! okay fine. txt me wen ur done feel a little bit lazy today, i don't want to work apparently tweets from my cell phone don't work no more i finally got permission to go to santiago!! yay!! leaving az tomorrow @keza34 i would of shared if he asked but he theifed it where my london boys at? i ain't to em in madd long lol seeing aj breaks my heart. have to climb mission peak twice tomorrow. @weaverandom li might kill me if i encourage you to stay up and talk to me cut my chin open on my binder @cuckolds i'm being set up again except now i'll have to watch her with 2 huge membered guys, i feel like a hat stand season four could be the last for hannah montana @rsms ohh.. f*ck ohmygawsh, bummmeeed. i'm really tired ??? gah i miss courtney so much lol. we've been best friends since 6th grade and i miss seeing her everyday!! now we hardly ever do. just threw away my bouquet. @nnarbs this one's for you girl!! haha! loved seeing you yesterday. wish we all had more time. xoxo when can i have a good sleep? ive been battling these thing for ages. need to have good sleeping habit. having some serious blogtv issues trying to watch @liamrichardsx i am having issues with blogger. some of your blogs have been unavailable to me for several days that makes me feel out of the loop! pity that reaper's a goner, though. is @ court i need to get the f out of here i locked myself out of my iphone lsl phoneless well, iphoneless until friday @gripping i know too sad to do anything @khanserai you lucky ****** i want to go tot he movies @tiffunnyfranco awww that's mean! but the hil finale is tomorrow im back from school. yay. but now i have to go an do homework. well... then instead of being excited for new episodes i'll will just be excited for the con next june guess it means bye bye tscc @renniesimmonds thanks i dunno y it hurts so much :s haha i coulnt wear my mclaren top, it was too tight - this cat followed me everywhere!! ^.^ i wasn't allowed to take it in the car though. @mammadawg had to change my twitter name, zaftigcutie got hacked are you going to be in phoenix all 3 days? not feeling so well... but i seriously wanna watch hannah montana tomorrow... @badarahmed lmao...i think the way paks playing just saved me..lol..i hope they do well..but oh no one down now back to riding in the passenger seat i'm terrible at the new sims 3 on my mac &amp; iphone! my sim got killed by a monkey at work? oh my what a wonderfuly rainy morning can any english twitter manage to avoid the restlessness of the english weather? @niamhsandwich ah no way! i really wanted to go to the teddy bears picnic i could have beat the record alone with all my bears! @bdmaroon will do, no luck so far @chitownnelly whats up! thanks for the follow...chi city is my home away from home! im gonna miss the taste this year ok shit! some of this is pretty harsh man not impressed with the thugs down my quiet road who think it's funny to smash one of my wing mirrors and rip off a badge. my poor car @jennygnow it is sad... i feel bad when i hear it. they look like mid 30's. it's like something u wld see on lifetime the drive home at 3.30am wasn't a pleasant one. it was raining quite a lot playin my xbox 360 elite online !! iim tight, cuz i lost a cord for my head set @souljaboytellem @bowwow614 get the fuck online !! :-d has and urge to try out for the role of wicked witch of the west for school but i can't sing so i am screwed plus, i'm scared lol i feel like flying off somewhere. it's been a month since my last trip... my new computer (parts) arrives today from newegg. feels like christmas forgot i needed 120mm case fan oops will build anyway. ;-] i believe it should always be cold i hate hot weather @tori_thompson f'n iphone spellcheck. was suppose to say trey saw kick me sign. damn it!! i feel when things get bad for me, they get worse for others. our dvd player decided to stop working right as we were getting ready to watch a movie last night. sad sad time to find a new one... its nearly 330 in the am, i've barely slept &amp; so i'm loopy, &amp; i'm getting ready 2 drive my bff 2 the airport so she can leave me 4 3 wks the snow cone stand is shutting down! crystle said they are retiring @scynn indeed sir, got in town late last night, wedding today, and out sunday morning mad g0t bit by mesquitez last night going ny night! early day tomorrow. back to mass. @tomjensen100 aw i'm sorry to hear that attempting to finish all my homework last minute before school starts tomorrow i miss michael shame on me................ went to dinner and got bug bites all over my legs... thats what i get for wearing a dress i guess?!?! and a fractured toe. wtf summer? ok i've filtered the twables from my tweetdeck but my bb is clogged with dm's no offence but it kinda stops the conversation i'm hungry , waiting to eat at city buffet maths homework @lewsea lucy i have to do the whole project on my own now thanks alot by the way, ed mcmahon died. @meaghanellenxo cause that's like ages i do not want to go to gaol @paperbat work, then niece graduation then webinar stuff. probably no art today you? i hate raaaain! i forgot to bring my jacket again... it's freezing cold at the office and i'm sitting right under the air conditioning @aka_rhi indiana? god, nothing is in indiana. i am sorry. how old is he? what's he look like? tell me everything! @yuujinya yes it's a little tricky that way. just flashed my torch under my desk to try and find this damn mozzie, only to find whirlpools of hair! gross. my legs are itchy. is watching a beautiful sunset without him... needs to start revising for maths gcse. 6 days left. @officialkat i was rooting for you! woo.. can't wait for wednesday's outing with the guys + girl! eh kj i want my darling back! @ilovenickj4life oh, that sucks but still, it's a skill to be learnt, though! how is it already saturday?!? i don't want to go home tomorrow i have a massive stomach ache is wishing her mom, mimi, and aunts (aunt-mom) a very happy mother's day...i just missed them before they went to church so the homecooked dinner went well..just watching katie and peter..i'm still really sad that they've split up @traceyhewins omg very contagious #chrisflu aint good @kayebautista it's like 1st day and 2nd day combined. i'm not feeling well actually .. @cassiewills here its raining oh yeah thx i love my new myspace layout ahh gosh i love metro station oops i forgot about the free beer in seriff. missed it. silly work always getting in the way. @desperado69 that breaks my heart! this house was a good idea at the time. now valued at less than when i bought it stuck here a while. don't know if i will buy the new dave matthews band album. the reason i listened to them is no longer with us. rip leroi moore the animal shelter commercial where they sing in the arms if the angels makes me want to cry, everyyy time. poor little aminals. 6 freakin days!! just a thought...what would i have to look forward to after this? chi-town how we will miss you rain is coming @selenagomez omg, im so sorry about your blog the internet is so unsafe these days. those idiots. i hope you'll be okay ! mom says i have todelee my twitter just got home from the mall!! haha! but still sad... my grandma was just burried yesterday... weekend was so nice - but as usual a monday follows this will be a hotly debated week - all that behind-the-scenes-going-ons at fcw... chipped my tooth! omg. going to denist. pray for me. aaahh @markhoppus so they still cant find them?? thats tragic... i really don't want to get outta bed @davideaikin the man! no worries. i'd probably have done the same lol. my coffee with a friend cancelled on me yesterday lol @mileycyrus your display name on bebo miley broken is fake,according to emily,as she told me so,so now im not getting my autograph frm u @jlangford oh i wish i was there too @robgreen78 i am doing it the long way via ftp now first install was internally via wordpress and it did not work @colourfulponies i got left out when everyone went and saw it. laying in bed trying to find someone to go shopping with @kewell_kitten omg...its been pouring here tonight but its not cold...i'm not ready for winter done hanging with my bestfriends from ct home.studying.finals tomorrow.text. @wedgienet sent it na. accept it na please! hangovers suck weird angmoh and i jus parted. not cool. have to wait till next weekend that poor boy in camp ok monday @omgxitskatiexx that is sad. @onhertoes it's supposed to be drunk not worn @thelightsilove haha irony.